CDSW
Will MLFlow, model registry, feature store, etc. be included in CDSW?
Answer: All new features for DS/ML are going to Private Cloud CML. Work with your customers or prospects toward migration or deployment of CML on-prem. Not sure where to start? Reach out to #sme_ml. 
When will the next release of CDSW be available? 
Answer: The latest release of CDSW (1.10.3) is out as of now. The release contains fixes, CVE patches, etc. Previous release of CDSW 1.10.1 has some issues with project visibility and SAML is broken.

Is CDSW 1.9.x at the end of support?
Answer: Yes, end of support for CDSW 1.9.x was September 30th, 2022.  Versions <1.9.0 were EOS March 2022. All customers should upgrade to the 1.10.x version or CML (better option). Note that current CDSW 1.10.x end of support is set for May 2024. There will be some limited, paid extended support for a year after that. See a recent discussion here. 

My customer is on CDSW 1.6.x, what is the upgrade path?
Answer: Remind the customer that all CDSW releases earlier than 1.10.x are at end of support and Cloudera may not be required to respond to support cases for these earlier release (unless extended support was purchased). 
The upgrade from 1.6 to the latest release is a two-step process: 1.6 → 1.8.1 and then from 1.8.1 → 1.10.2. One challenge to keep in mind is that 1.10.2 release requires at least 35GB of space in the parcels directory on every host, including all of CDH/CDP hosts. Customer will also need 200GBs on the Master node in DOCKER_TMPDIR directory. 

What is stored in PostgreSQL DB for CDSW?
Answer: Internal metadata for CDSW, including configurations and permissions, as well as user audit information, project metadata and team membership.

Does CDSW support Spark 3?
Answer: CDSW does not support Spark 3 (see DSE-11729). Customers looking for Spark 3 support should migrate to CML PvC, which does have a Spark 3 add-on. However, depending on the customer, there are potential workarounds to enable Spark 3 in CDSW. Reach out to Shubho Sinha for more information on that.

How to get detailed resource metrics from CDSW?
Answer: There are 3 levels of detail available. First is what’s available to all users, which is the usage dashboard that is part of CDSW UI (for model resource tracking use this). Second level is seeing the whole cluster via CDSW Grafana dashboard. This level, for example, will include any worker sessions that a user may have spun up (e.g. Spark executors). Finally, if you want to export the usage data there is a workaround that requires admin access to kubctl. 

CML on Private Cloud 
General
Does CML Private Cloud have workspace backup?
Answer: Yes, as of CML 1.5.1. There are some specific private cloud details, but overall it works the same way as on AWS. 
Does CML Private Cloud have Model Registry feature?
Answer: Yes, it’s in Tech preview since CML 1.5.1. Detailed documentation is available in Using Model Registry .
Is Iceberg supported in CML?
Answer: Yes, though only with Spark 3 runtime, via CDE add-on. This is true as of CML 1.5.1


Is Ozone supported in CML?
Answer: Yes, as of CML 1.5.1. 
What’s the latest roadmap? When is X feature coming?
Answer: PM updates roadmap for Private Cloud every month or two. Please check there first. If you don’t see what you need, ask in #sme_ml and tag Priyank Patel. 
How to deploy a Flask app on CML?
Answer: Here’s an AMP that uses Flask. Also read this for more general app deployment information.

Can AMPs work in air gapped environment?
Answer: they should work, but there are issues (DSE-14566). The workaround is to just git clone the AMPs repo location when creating a new project. 

Can Spark 2 or Spark 3 be used in conjunction with GPUs on CML PvC?
Answer: For data science workloads (training, tuning, inference) NVIDIA RAPIDS libraries are fully supported on CML PvC. This approach uses GPUs, but it doesn’t touch Spark. For data engineering using Spark with GPUs, there is no current support in CML PvC on it. 

Cloudera does not support GPUs other than NVIDIA. No AMD GPUs.
