
What about High Availability (HA) in CML PvC?
Answer: As an application itself, CML can be HA as long as the underlying OCP or ECS cluster has at least 3 master nodes. What this means is data scientists can expect CML to be up and available to launch sessions, train models, experiment, etc. However, as CML is often used to (a) host models; and (b) host applications, including Data Visualization (CDV); there is more nuance to this question. In the case of models, there is an option to deploy more than one replica, which ensures there is always an endpoint to call even if one replicate (temporarily) fails. For applications, and CDV, there is no easy HA solution. Customer would be responsible to have identical apps running in parallel and having a combination of load balancer and metadata sync be part of the solution.

Can CML run a Spark job in CDP Base cluster (a.k.a. Spark Pushdown)?
Answer: As of CML 1.5.0 Private Cloud release, it is possible to pushdown a Spark job to the base cluster. Note that you need CDE Add-on of 1.17 or higher to be able to do this, but that doesn’t mean you need CDE service deployed. 
As of CML 1.5.1 Spark pushdown can be done with Spark 3 in the base cluster as well.

How to generate a diagnostic bundle for CML?
Answer: Unlike CML Public Cloud, where collection of diag bundle is located inside of the ML Workspace, under Site Administration > Support, Private Cloud has centralized bundle collection in the Control Plane UI:

Can APIv2 used for administrative tasks (Site Administration)?
Answer: Today APIv2 doesn’t support Administrative tasks at the workspace level. For specific customer asks, please add comments to DSE-4802.

How does CDSW to CML migration work?
Answer: CDSW to CML migration tool is GA as of CML PvC 1.5.1. Official migration documentation is here. CDSW and CML PvC need to be installed on top of the same CDP Base cluster for the tool to recognize that CDSW cluster is there. CDSW 1.10.0+ is required. 

Field-facing slides for CDSW to CML PvC upgrade. Also note that single-node deployment of CDSW can potentially be moved to CML single-node (including ECS services and CML sharing a node). 

As of August 2023 there is now a CLI tool (cmlutils) that can migrate projects from CDSW 1.10.0+ to CML Public Cloud. Soon this tool will also be able to do project-by-project migrations to CML Private Cloud. More detailed information on CDSW to CML project migration.
How to handle an IoT use case with a model at the edge?
Answer: You’ll need 2 components: CML and Edge Manager (w/ MiNiFi). Model can be trained with CML and the model artifact can be pushed to the edge device’s MiNiFi agent. For a demo, watch Andre Sousa Dantas De Araujo’s video (link to vid).

Why does CML Job not error out (), while there is an error in it?
Answer: If you are running shell commands, either with ! magic or python subprocess, and there are errors in these commands, your CML job will return successfully - no failure notification. To force the job to fail, you can do it like this: subprocess.run(["mkdir", "-p", f"{BKUP_DIR}"], check=True). Notice the check=True, that will return a failure to the control process which will result in the job . 

How to size GPU for LLM apps?
Answer: There is no exact answer. Some Slack discussion is available here. FAQ and reference architecture docs are in the works. 

How to fix session timeout?
Answer: Session timeouts, for legacy Engines and ML Runtimes, are governed by Environment Variables. Specifically you are looking for IDLE_MAXIMUM_MINUTES and SESSION_MAXIMUM_MINUTES. Important note: idle time only applies to Workbench sessions (including PBJ), and does not apply to any custom editors (e.g. Jupyter). If you would like to time out custom editor sessions after some time (regardless of inactivity), you will need to set SESSION_MAXIMUM_MINUTES lower than the current default of 7 days. 

Values for these variables can be set at Site Administrator level (see Site Administration > Runtime/Engine and scroll down to Environment variables). The usual way to set up variables for a project will also work, but will only apply to that project. 