RedHat OpenShift Container Platform (OCP)
How do we size hardware for CML on OCP?
Answer: 
Step 1: Review CML (OpenShift) requirements with customer and make sure they have all of it addressed, and CML worker is minimum 16vCPUx32GB (size of a laptop)
Step 2: Give some general guidance based on customer needs: “per team member, you should allow for 48 GB and 12 CPU and then some kind overhead for smaller teams. i.e, a team of 1 will probably need 3 x that, but a team of 20 will be fine.”
Step 3: Does customer expect to use GPUs? Then those should be added to the OCP cluster as well. 

Other considerations include Persistent Volume (PV) storage = 4TB per ML Workspace. NFS storage (1 TB per workspace). 

See more on hardware requiremnets for CML.  

Assuming that this is a POC and you are going to install ECS and just CML. You can have 600GB block storage + 1000 GB NFS storage (Block if internal and NFS if external). RAID is not required and the disks can be HDD. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-private-cloud-data-services/1.4.0/installation-ecs/topics/cdppvc-installation-standalone-cml-requirements.html

How does CML work with GPUs on OCP?
Answer: There are additional steps required to make GPUs available to the OpenShift cluster. Public blog post from Cisco, including a video of the impact of the solution. 
Embedded Compute Service (ECS)
How do we size hardware for CML on ECS?
Answer: 
Memory and CPU  requirements would be same as in How do we size hardware for CML on OCP?
If only CML will be deployed on the cluster (e.g. for DataViz only), you can have 600GB block storage + 1000 GB NFS storage (Block if internal and NFS if external). RAID is not required and the disks can be HDD. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-private-cloud-data-services/1.4.0/installation-ecs/topics/cdppvc-installation-standalone-cml-requirements.html

For production deployment external NFS is recommended (reference) 
Setting constant subdomain for ML Workspace?
Answer: As of Data Services 1.5.0, it is possible to set ML workspace static subdomain at creation time. Previously this was randomly generated. This helps with knowing which wildcard certificate enterprise security will provide. 

CML on Public Cloud
General
How to size public cloud CML workspace?
Answer: As always, sizing of ML workspace depends on the workloads that are expected to run on it. An extensive article Sizing CML Workspaces was written on sizing by Paul de Fusco. 
Can Ray or Dask distributed framework be used in CML?
Answer: Yes to both. See Ray example here and for Dask we have an AMP. If you want to get up to speed quickly on difference between the two frameworks, have a read here.
Also this Linked article on CML and Ray by Chris Van Dyke. 
A couple of Ray projects as well: 
Python Library to provision Ray in CML
https://github.com/cloudera/cmlextras
Starter Project AMP for Ray
https://github.com/cpv0310/Ray-Starter