Although intelligence is hard to defineprecisely, an operational definition suitable for LLMs is ability at tasks requiringlanguage, reasoning, and planning, as judged by humans who interact with thesystem. Some famous and difficult challenge tasks include playing chess 122,proving mathematical theorems 104, and answering natural language questionsusing generally known facts and common sense.5These problems have been the subject of intense investigation since the mid50s, and a few textbooks and histories are 93, 105, 119, 121. Essentially fromthe start, two broad approaches were set out, which would later be called symbolic and connectionist AI.6 The symbolic approach originated in mathematicallogic and generative linguistic theory, and tracked the development of computertechnology both hardware and software as a tool for solving practical andscientific problems. Central topics in this approach are formal logic and language theory, search and heuristics, and engineering techniques for designingand building large and complex systems.Symbolic AI systems are designed, meaning that their creators develop a detailed understanding of the task, and encode this understanding into the systemby programming, by hardware design and otherwise. As an example, considerthe task of parsing given an input string of words, determine its grammaticalstructure. Most of us learned to diagram sentences in elementary school, andalthough linguists have developed far more sophisticated notions of grammar,this simple notion gives the right idea. The grammar of a language is encodedin rules, which belong to a formal framework see the appendix for the exampleof contextfree grammars. Given such a framework, one can design a parsingalgorithm which takes as input a rule set and an input string, and produces anoutput which states whether the string is a grammatical sentence and if so makesits structure explicit. This is a symbolic AI approach, not because the wordssymbolize anything after all grammar does not have to come with mean3httpslivehucmsa222.pantheonsite.io4httpaitpconference.org20235This challenge originates with Turings famous test, but the restriction to question answering makes it better defined and testable using benchmarks, standardized questionanswer sets.Discussion of the original test can be found at httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikiTuring test6Symbolic AI is sometimes called GOFAI for good oldfashioned AI. Related termsinclude rule based, logic based, expert system and feature engineering. The connectionist approach has many other names, reflecting its mixed ancestry neural, deeplearning, parallel distributed processing, differentiable, and representation learning.4ing, but because the grammatical rules and the parsing algorithm includingits internal data structures have a clear meaning to their designers.Symbolic methods have had considerable success at many tasks requiringintelligence, famously including chess playing 60 and symbolic algebra7 as wellas more prosaic but very central tasks such as translating high level computerlanguages to machine code compiling. And a great deal of work has beendone to broaden their scope, for example to build question answering systemssuch as the well known IBM Watson. Many valuable techniques came out ofthis ways to systematize rules into knowledge bases or knowledge graphs,methods for automated logical reasoning, and so on.