from Fred or George Mrs. Weasley was shrieking, No, Arthur, no! the crowd stampeded backward, knocking more shelves over Gentlemen, please please! cried the assistant, and then, louder than all Break it up, there, gents, break it up Hagrid was wading toward them through the sea of books. In an instant he had pulled Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy apart. Mr. Weasley had a cut lip and Mr. Malfoy had been hit in the eye by an Encyclopedia of Toadstools. He was still holding Ginnys old P a g e 70 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Transfiguration book. He thrust it at her, his eyes glittering with malice. Here, girl take your book its the best your father can give you Pulling himself out of Hagrids grip he beckoned to Draco and swept from the shop. Yeh shouldve ignored him, Arthur, said Hagrid, almost lifting Mr. Weasley off his feet as he straightened his robes. Rotten ter the core, the whole family, everyone knows that no Malfoys worth listenin ter bad blood, thats what it is come on now lets get outta here. The assistant looked as though he wanted to stop them from leaving, but he barely came up to Hagrids waist and seemed to think better of it. They hurried up the street, the Grangers shaking with fright and Mrs. Weasley beside herself with fury. A fine example to set for your children brawling in public what Gilderoy Lockhart mustve thought He was pleased, said Fred. Didnt you hear him as we were leaving? He was asking that bloke from the Daily Prophet if hed be able to work the fight into his report said it was all publicity But it was a subdued group that headed back to the fireside in the Leaky Cauldron, where Harry, the Weasleys, and all their shopping would be traveling back to the Burrow using Floo powder. They said goodbye to the Grangers, who were leaving the pub for the Muggle street on the other side Mr. Weasley started to ask them how bus stops worked, but stopped quickly at the look on Mrs. Weasleys face. P a g e 71 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry took off his glasses and put them safely in his pocket before helping himself to Floo powder. It definitely wasnt his favorite way to travel. P a g e 72 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling THE WHOMPING WILLOW The end of the summer vacation came too quickly for Harrys liking. He was looking forward to getting back to Hogwarts, but his month at the Burrow had been the happiest of his life. It was difficult not to feel jealous of Ron when he thought of the Dursleys and the sort of welcome he could expect next time he turned up on Privet Drive. On their last evening, Mrs.