I dont know, she said, frowning. Dumbledore couldnt cure Mrs. Norris, and that makes me think that whatever attacked her might not be well human. As she spoke, they turned a corner and found themselves at the end of the very corridor where the attack had happened. They stopped and looked. The scene was just as it had been that night, except that there was no stiff cat hanging from the torch bracket, and an empty chair stood against the wall bearing the message The Chamber of Secrets Has Been Opened. Thats where Filch has been keeping guard, Ron muttered. P a g e 171 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling They looked at each other. The corridor was deserted. Cant hurt to have a poke around, said Harry, dropping his bag and getting to his hands and knees so that he could crawl along, searching for clues. Scorch marks! he said. Here and here Come and look at this! said Hermione. This is funny. Harry got up and crossed to the window next to the message on the wall. Hermione was pointing at the topmost pane, where around twenty spiders were scuttling, apparently fighting to get through a small crack. A long, silvery thread was dangling like a rope, as though they had all climbed it in their hurry to get outside. Have you ever seen spiders act like that? said Hermione wonderingly. No, said Harry, have you, Ron? Ron? He looked over his shoulder. Ron was standing well back and seemed to be fighting the impulse to run. Whats up? said Harry. I dont like spiders, said Ron tensely. I never knew that, said Hermione, looking at Ron in surprise. Youve used spiders in Potions loads of times. I dont mind them dead, said Ron, who was carefully looking anywhere but at the window. I just dont like the way they move. P a g e 172 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Hermione giggled. Its not funny, said Ron, fiercely. If you must know, when I was three, Fred turned my my teddy bear into a great big filthy spider because I broke his toy broomstick. You wouldnt like them either if youd been holding your bear and suddenly it had too many legs and He broke off, shuddering. Hermione was obviously still trying not to laugh. Feeling they had better get off the subject, Harry said, Remember all that water on the floor? Where did that come from? Someones mopped it up. It was about here, said Ron, recovering himself to walk a few paces past Filchs chair and pointing. Level with this door. He reached for the brass doorknob but suddenly withdrew his hand as though hed been burned. Whats the matter? said Harry. Cant go in there, said Ron gruffly. Thats a girls toilet. Oh, Ron, there wont be anyone in there, said Hermione, standing up and coming over. Thats Moaning Myrtles place. Come on, lets have a look.