I, keep the name of a foul, common Muggle, who abandoned me even before I was born, just because he found out his wife was a witch? No, Harry I fashioned myself a new name, a name I knew wizards everywhere would one day fear to speak, when I had become the greatest sorcerer in the world! Harrys brain seemed to have jammed. He stared numbly at Riddle, at the orphaned boy who had grown up to murder Harrys own parents, and so many others. At last he forced himself to speak. Youre not, he said, his quiet voice full of hatred. Not what? snapped Riddle. Not the greatest sorcerer in the world, said Harry, breathing fast. Sorry to disappoint you and all that, but the greatest wizard in the world is Albus Dumbledore. Everyone says so. Even when you were strong, you didnt dare try and take over at Hogwarts. Dumbledore saw through you when you were at school and he still frightens you now, wherever youre hiding these days The smile had gone from Riddles face, to be replaced by a very ugly look. Dumbledores been driven out of this castle by the mere memory of me! he hissed. P a g e 350 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Hes not as gone as you might think! Harry retorted. He was speaking at random, wanting to scare Riddle, wishing rather than believing it to be true Riddle opened his mouth, but froze. Music was coming from somewhere. Riddle whirled around to stare down the empty Chamber. The music was growing louder. It was eerie, spinetingling, unearthly it lifted the hair on Harrys scalp and made his heart feel as though it was swelling to twice its normal size. Then, as the music reached such a pitch that Harry felt it vibrating inside his own ribs, flames erupted at the top of the nearest pillar. A crimson bird the size of a swan had appeared, piping its weird music to the vaulted ceiling. It had a glittering golden tail as long as a peacocks and gleaming golden talons, which were gripping a ragged bundle. A second later, the bird was flying straight at Harry. It dropped the ragged thing it was carrying at his feet, then landed heavily on his shoulder. As it folded its great wings, Harry looked up and saw it had a long, sharp golden beak and a beady black eye. The bird stopped singing. It sat still and warm next to Harrys cheek, gazing steadily at Riddle. Thats a phoenix. said Riddle, staring shrewdly back at it. Fawkes? Harry breathed, and he felt the birds golden claws squeeze his shoulder gently. And that said Riddle, now eyeing the ragged thing that Fawkes had dropped, thats the old school Sorting Hat P a g e 351 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling So it was. Patched, frayed, and dirty, the hat lay motionless at Harrys feet.