Tonight, we will be able to revive those people who have been Petrified. I need hardly remind you all that one of them may well be able to tell us who, or what, attacked them. I am hopeful that this dreadful year will end with our catching the culprit. There was an explosion of cheering. Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and wasnt at all surprised to see that Draco Malfoy hadnt joined in. Ron, however, was looking happier than hed looked in days. It wont matter that we never asked Myrtle, then! he said to Harry. Hermionell probably have all the answers when they wake her up! Mind you, shell go crazy when she finds out weve got exams in three days time. She hasnt studied. It might be kinder to leave her where she is till theyre over. Just then, Ginny Weasley came over and sat down next to Ron. She looked tense and nervous, and Harry noticed that her hands were twisting in her lap. Whats up? said Ron, helping himself to more porridge. P a g e 317 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Ginny didnt say anything, but glanced up and down the Gryffindor table with a scared look on her face that reminded Harry of someone, though he couldnt think who. Spit it out, said Ron, watching her. Harry suddenly realized who Ginny looked like. She was rocking backward and forward slightly in her chair, exactly like Dobby did when he was teetering on the edge of revealing forbidden information. Ive got to tell you something, Ginny mumbled, carefully not looking at Harry. What is it? said Harry. Ginny looked as though she couldnt find the right words. What? said Ron. Ginny opened her mouth, but no sound came out. Harry leaned forward and spoke quietly, so that only Ginny and Ron could hear him. Is it something about the Chamber of Secrets? Have you seen something? Someone acting oddly? Ginny drew a deep breath and, at that precise moment, Percy Weasley appeared, looking tired and wan. If youve finished eating, Ill take that seat, Ginny. Im starving, Ive only just come off patrol duty. Ginny jumped up as though her chair had just been electrified, gave Percy a fleeting, frightened look, and P a g e 318 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling scampered away. Percy sat down and grabbed a mug from the center of the table. Percy! said Ron angrily. She was just about to tell us something important! Halfway through a gulp of tea, Percy choked. What sort of thing? he said, coughing. I just asked her if shed seen anything odd, and she started to say Oh that thats nothing to do with the Chamber of Secrets, said Percy at once. How do you know? said Ron, his eyebrows raised.