But then she must be Ginny, please wake up, Harry muttered desperately, shaking her. Ginnys head lolled hopelessly from side to side. She wont wake, said a soft voice. Harry jumped and spun around on his knees. A tall, blackhaired boy was leaning against the nearest pillar, watching. He was strangely blurred around the edges, as though Harry were looking at him through a misted window. But there was no mistaking him Tom Tom Riddle? Riddle nodded, not taking his eyes off Harrys face. What dyou mean, she wont wake? Harry said desperately. Shes not shes not ? Shes still alive, said Riddle. But only just. P a g e 342 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry stared at him. Tom Riddle had been at Hogwarts fifty years ago, yet here he stood, a weird, misty light shining about him, not a day older than sixteen. Are you a ghost? Harry said uncertainly. A memory, said Riddle quietly. Preserved in a diary for fifty years. He pointed toward the floor near the statues giant toes. Lying open there was the little black diary Harry had found in Moaning Myrtles bathroom. For a second, Harry wondered how it had got there but there were more pressing matters to deal with. Youve got to help me, Tom, Harry said, raising Ginnys head again. Weve got to get her out of here. Theres a basilisk I dont know where it is, but it could be along any moment. Please, help me Riddle didnt move. Harry, sweating, managed to hoist Ginny half off the floor, and bent to pick up his wand again. But his wand had gone. Did you see ? He looked up. Riddle was still watching him twirling Harrys wand between his long fingers. Thanks, said Harry, stretching out his hand for it. A smile curled the corners of Riddles mouth. He continued to stare at Harry, twirling the wand idly. P a g e 343 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Listen, said Harry urgently, his knees sagging with Ginnys dead weight. Weve got to go! If the basilisk comes It wont come until it is called, said Riddle calmly. Harry lowered Ginny back onto the floor, unable to hold her up any longer. What dyou mean? he said. Look, give me my wand, I might need it Riddles smile broadened. You wont be needing it, he said. Harry stared at him. What dyou mean, I wont be ? Ive waited a long time for this, Harry Potter, said Riddle. For the chance to see you. To speak to you. Look, said Harry, losing patience, I dont think you get it. Were in the Chamber of Secrets. We can talk later Were going to talk now, said Riddle, still smiling broadly, and he pocketed Harrys wand. Harry stared at him. There was something very funny going on here. How did Ginny get like this? he asked slowly.