Master gave it to Dobby. Whats that? spat Mr. Malfoy. What did you say? Got a sock, said Dobby in disbelief. Master threw it, and Dobby caught it, and Dobby Dobby is free. P a g e 376 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Lucius Malfoy stood frozen, staring at the elf. Then he lunged at Harry. Youve lost me my servant, boy! But Dobby shouted, You shall not harm Harry Potter! There was a loud bang, and Mr. Malfoy was thrown backward. He crashed down the stairs, three at a time, landing in a crumpled heap on the landing below. He got up, his face livid, and pulled out his wand, but Dobby raised a long, threatening finger. You shall go now, he said fiercely, pointing down at Mr. Malfoy. You shall not touch Harry Potter. You shall go now. Lucius Malfoy had no choice. With a last, incensed stare at the pair of them, he swung his cloak around him and hurried out of sight. Harry Potter freed Dobby! said the elf shrilly, gazing up at Harry, moonlight from the nearest window reflected in his orblike eyes. Harry Potter set Dobby free! Least I could do, Dobby, said Harry, grinning. Just promise never to try and save my life again. The elfs ugly brown face split suddenly into a wide, toothy smile. Ive just got one question, Dobby, said Harry as Dobby pulled on Harrys sock with shaking hands. You told me all this had nothing to do with HeWho MustNotBeNamed, remember? Well P a g e 377 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling It was a clue, sir, said Dobby, his eyes widening, as though this was obvious. Was giving you a clue. The Dark Lord, before he changed his name, could be freely named, you see? Right, said Harry weakly. Well, Id better go. Theres a feast, and my friend Hermione should be awake by now. Dobby threw his arms around Harrys middle and hugged him. Harry Potter is greater by far than Dobby knew! he sobbed. Farewell, Harry Potter! And with a final loud crack, Dobby disappeared. Harry had been to several Hogwarts feasts, but never one quite like this. Everybody was in their pajamas, and the celebration lasted all night. Harry didnt know whether the best bit was Hermione running toward him, screaming You solved it! You solved it! or Justin hurrying over from the Hufflepuff table to wring his hand and apologize endlessly for suspecting him, or Hagrid turning up at half past three, cuffing Harry and Ron so hard on the shoulders that they were knocked into their plates of trifle, or his and Rons four hundred points for Gryffindor securing the House Cup for the second year running, or Professor McGonagall standing up to tell them all that the exams had been canceled as a school treat Oh, no!