The kitchen was small and rather cramped. There was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle, and Harry sat down on the edge of his seat, looking around. He had never been in a wizard house before. The clock on the wall opposite him had only one hand and no numbers at all. Written around the edge were things like Time to make tea, Time to feed the chickens, and Youre late. Books were stacked three deep on the mantelpiece, books with titles like Charm Your Own Cheese, Enchantment in Baking, and One Minute Feasts Its Magic! And unless Harrys ears were deceiving him, the old radio next to the sink had just announced that coming up was Witching Hour, with the popular singing sorceress, Celestina Warbeck. Mrs. Weasley was clattering around, cooking breakfast a little haphazardly, throwing dirty looks at her sons as she threw sausages into the frying pan. Every now and then she muttered things like dont know what you were thinking of, and never would have believed it. I dont blame you, dear, she assured Harry, tipping eight or nine sausages onto his plate. Arthur and I have been worried about you, too. Just last night we P a g e 39 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling were saying wed come and get you ourselves if you hadnt written back to Ron by Friday. But really she was now adding three fried eggs to his plate, flying an illegal car halfway across the country anyone could have seen you She flicked her wand casually at the dishes in the sink, which began to clean themselves, clinking gently in the background. It was cloudy, Mum! said Fred. You keep your mouth closed while youre eating! Mrs. Weasley snapped. They were starving him, Mum! said George. And you! said Mrs. Weasley, but it was with a slightly softened expression that she started cutting Harry bread and buttering it for him. At that moment there was a diversion in the form of a small, redheaded figure in a long nightdress, who appeared in the kitchen, gave a small squeal, and ran out again. Ginny, said Ron in an undertone to Harry. My sister. Shes been talking about you all summer. Yeah, shell be wanting your autograph, Harry, Fred said with a grin, but he caught his mothers eye and bent his face over his plate without another word. Nothing more was said until all four plates were clean, which took a surprisingly short time. Blimey, Im tired, yawned Fred, setting down his knife and fork at last. I think Ill go to bed and P a g e 40 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling You will not, snapped Mrs. Weasley. Its your own fault youve been up all night. Youre going to de gnome the garden for me theyre getting completely out of hand again Oh, Mum And you two, she said, glaring at Ron and Fred.