Riddle began to laugh again. He laughed so hard that the dark Chamber rang with it, as though ten Riddles were laughing at once This is what Dumbledore sends his defender! A songbird and an old hat! Do you feel brave, Harry Potter? Do you feel safe now? Harry didnt answer. He might not see what use Fawkes or the Sorting Hat were, but he was no longer alone, and he waited for Riddle to stop laughing with his courage mounting. To business, Harry, said Riddle, still smiling broadly. Twice in your past, in my future we have met. And twice I failed to kill you. How did you survive? Tell me everything. The longer you talk, he added softly, the longer you stay alive. Harry was thinking fast, weighing his chances. Riddle had the wand. He, Harry, had Fawkes and the Sorting Hat, neither of which would be much good in a duel. It looked bad, all right but the longer Riddle stood there, the more life was dwindling out of Ginny and in the meantime, Harry noticed suddenly, Riddles outline was becoming clearer, more solid. If it had to be a fight between him and Riddle, better sooner than later. No one knows why you lost your powers when you attacked me, said Harry abruptly. I dont know myself. But I know why you couldnt kill me. Because my mother died to save me. My common Muggleborn mother, he added, shaking with suppressed rage. She stopped you killing me. And Ive seen the real you, I saw you last year. Youre a wreck. Youre barely P a g e 352 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling alive. Thats where all your power got you. Youre in hiding. Youre ugly, youre foul Riddles face contorted. Then he forced it into an awful smile. So. Your mother died to save you. Yes, thats a powerful countercharm. I can see now there is nothing special about you, after all. I wondered, you see. There are strange likenesses between us, after all. Even you must have noticed. Both halfbloods, orphans, raised by Muggles. Probably the only two Parselmouths to come to Hogwarts since the great Slytherin himself. We even look something alike but after all, it was merely a lucky chance that saved you from me. Thats all I wanted to know. Harry stood, tense, waiting for Riddle to raise his wand. But Riddles twisted smile was widening again. Now, Harry, Im going to teach you a little lesson. Lets match the powers of Lord Voldemort, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, against famous Harry Potter, and the best weapons Dumbledore can give him. He cast an amused eye over Fawkes and the Sorting Hat, then walked away. Harry, fear spreading up his numb legs, watched Riddle stop between the high pillars and look up into the stone face of Slytherin, high above him in the halfdarkness. Riddle opened his mouth wide and hissed but Harry understood what he was saying.