Nettles of Topsham writes P a g e 141 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling I had no memory for incantations and my potions were a family joke! Now, after a Kwikspell course, I am the center of attention at parties and friends beg for the recipe of my Scintillation Solution! Warlock D. J. Prod of Didsbury says My wife used to sneer at my feeble charms, but one month into your fabulous Kwikspell course and I succeeded in turning her into a yak! Thank you, Kwikspell! Fascinated, Harry thumbed through the rest of the envelopes contents. Why on earth did Filch want a Kwikspell course? Did this mean he wasnt a proper wizard? Harry was just reading Lesson One Holding Your Wand Some Useful Tips when shuffling footsteps outside told him Filch was coming back. Stuffing the parchment back into the envelope, Harry threw it back onto the desk just as the door opened. Filch was looking triumphant. That vanishing cabinet was extremely valuable! he was saying gleefully to Mrs. Norris. Well have Peeves out this time, my sweet His eyes fell on Harry and then darted to the Kwikspell envelope, which, Harry realized too late, was lying two feet away from where it had started. Filchs pasty face went brick red. Harry braced himself for a tidal wave of fury. Filch hobbled across to his desk, snatched up the envelope, and threw it into a drawer. Have you did you read ? he sputtered. P a g e 142 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling No, Harry lied quickly. Filchs knobbly hands were twisting together. If I thought youd read my private not that its mine for a friend be that as it may however Harry was staring at him, alarmed Filch had never looked madder. His eyes were popping, a tic was going in one of his pouchy cheeks, and the tartan scarf didnt help. Very well go and dont breathe a word not that however, if you didnt read go now, I have to write up Peeves report go Amazed at his luck, Harry sped out of the office, up the corridor, and back upstairs. To escape from Filchs office without punishment was probably some kind of school record. Harry! Harry! Did it work? Nearly Headless Nick came gliding out of a classroom. Behind him, Harry could see the wreckage of a large blackandgold cabinet that appeared to have been dropped from a great height. I persuaded Peeves to crash it right over Filchs office, said Nick eagerly. Thought it might distract him Was that you? said Harry gratefully. Yeah, it worked, I didnt even get detention. Thanks, Nick! They set off up the corridor together. Nearly Headless Nick, Harry noticed, was still holding Sir Patricks rejection letter. P a g e 143 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling I wish there was something I could do for you about the Headless Hunt, Harry said.