I beg your pardon? said the girl stiffly. Our common room? Im a Ravenclaw. She walked away, looking suspiciously back at them. Harry and Ron hurried down the stone steps into the darkness, their footsteps echoing particularly loudly as Crabbes and Goyles huge feet hit the floor, feeling that this wasnt going to be as easy as they had hoped. The labyrinthine passages were deserted. They walked deeper and deeper under the school, constantly checking their watches to see how much time they had left. After a quarter of an hour, just when they were getting desperate, they heard a sudden movement ahead. Ha! said Ron excitedly. Theres one of them now! The figure was emerging from a side room. As they hurried nearer, however, their hearts sank. It wasnt a Slytherin, it was Percy. P a g e 244 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Whatre you doing down here? said Ron in surprise. Percy looked affronted. That, he said stiffly, is none of your business. Its Crabbe, isnt it? Wh oh, yeah, said Ron. Well, get off to your dormitories, said Percy sternly. Its not safe to go wandering around dark corridors these days. You are, Ron pointed out. I, said Percy, drawing himself up, am a prefect. Nothings about to attack me. A voice suddenly echoed behind Harry and Ron. Draco Malfoy was strolling toward them, and for the first time in his life, Harry was pleased to see him. There you are, he drawled, looking at them. Have you two been pigging out in the Great Hall all this time? Ive been looking for you I want to show you something really funny. Malfoy glanced witheringly at Percy. And whatre you doing down here, Weasley? he sneered. Percy looked outraged. You want to show a bit more respect to a school prefect! he said. I dont like your attitude! Malfoy sneered and motioned for Harry and Ron to follow him. Harry almost said something apologetic to P a g e 245 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Percy but caught himself just in time. He and Ron hurried after Malfoy, who said as they turned into the next passage, That Peter Weasley Percy, Ron corrected him automatically. Whatever, said Malfoy. Ive noticed him sneaking around a lot lately. And I bet I know what hes up to. He thinks hes going to catch Slytherins heir single handed. He gave a short, derisive laugh. Harry and Ron exchanged excited looks. Malfoy paused by a stretch of bare, damp stone wall. Whats the new password again? he said to Harry. Er said Harry. Oh, yeah pureblood! said Malfoy, not listening, and a stone door concealed in the wall slid open. Malfoy marched through it, and Harry and Ron followed him. The Slytherin common room was a long, low underground room with rough stone walls and ceiling from which round, greenish lamps were hanging on chains.