Rowling I think, said Harry, more quietly still, its time to get my dads old cloak out again. Harry had inherited just one thing from his father a long and silvery Invisibility Cloak. It was their only chance of sneaking out of the school to visit Hagrid without anyone knowing about it. They went to bed at the usual time, waited until Neville, Dean, and Seamus had stopped discussing the Chamber of Secrets and finally fallen asleep, then got up, dressed again, and threw the cloak over themselves. The journey through the dark and deserted castle corridors wasnt enjoyable. Harry, who had wandered the castle at night several times before, had never seen it so crowded after sunset. Teachers, prefects, and ghosts were marching the corridors in pairs, staring around for any unusual activity. Their Invisibility Cloak didnt stop them making any noise, and there was a particularly tense moment when Ron stubbed his toe only yards from the spot where Snape stood standing guard. Thankfully, Snape sneezed at almost exactly the moment Ron swore. It was with relief that they reached the oak front doors and eased them open. It was a clear, starry night. They hurried toward the lit windows of Hagrids house and pulled off the cloak only when they were right outside his front door. Seconds after they had knocked, Hagrid flung it open. They found themselves facetoface with him aiming a crossbow at them. Fang the boarhound barked loudly behind him. Oh, he said, lowering the weapon and staring at them. Whatre you two doin here? P a g e 288 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Whats that for? said Harry, pointing at the crossbow as they stepped inside. Nothin nothin Hagrid muttered. Ive bin expectin doesn matter Sit down Ill make tea He hardly seemed to know what he was doing. He nearly extinguished the fire, spilling water from the kettle on it, and then smashed the teapot with a nervous jerk of his massive hand. Are you okay, Hagrid? said Harry. Did you hear about Hermione? Oh, I heard, all righ, said Hagrid, a slight break in his voice. He kept glancing nervously at the windows. He poured them both large mugs of boiling water he had forgotten to add tea bags and was just putting a slab of fruitcake on a plate when there was a loud knock on the door. Hagrid dropped the fruitcake. Harry and Ron exchanged panicstricken looks, then threw the Invisibility Cloak back over themselves and retreated into a corner. Hagrid checked that they were hidden, seized his crossbow, and flung open his door once more. Good evening, Hagrid. It was Dumbledore. He entered, looking deadly serious, and was followed by a second, very odd looking man. The stranger had rumpled gray hair and an anxious expression, and was wearing a strange mixture of P a g e 289 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K.