That was a Disarming Charm as you see, Ive lost my wand ah, thank you, Miss Brown yes, an excellent idea to show them that, Professor Snape, but if you dont mind my saying so, it was very obvious what you were about to do. If I had wanted to stop you it would have been only too easy however, I felt it would be instructive to let them see Snape was looking murderous. Possibly Lockhart had noticed, because he said, Enough demonstrating! Im going to come amongst you now and put you all into pairs. Professor Snape, if youd like to help me They moved through the crowd, matching up partners. Lockhart teamed Neville with Justin Finch Fletchley, but Snape reached Harry and Ron first. P a g e 212 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Time to split up the dream team, I think, he sneered. Weasley, you can partner Finnigan. Potter Harry moved automatically toward Hermione. I dont think so, said Snape, smiling coldly. Mr. Malfoy, come over here. Lets see what you make of the famous Potter. And you, Miss Granger you can partner Miss Bulstrode. Malfoy strutted over, smirking. Behind him walked a Slytherin girl who reminded Harry of a picture hed seen in Holidays with Hags. She was large and square and her heavy jaw jutted aggressively. Hermione gave her a weak smile that she did not return. Face your partners! called Lockhart, back on the platform. And bow! Harry and Malfoy barely inclined their heads, not taking their eyes off each other. Wands at the ready! shouted Lockhart. When I count to three, cast your charms to disarm your opponents only to disarm them we dont want any accidents one two three Harry swung his wand high, but Malfoy had already started on two His spell hit Harry so hard he felt as though hed been hit over the head with a saucepan. He stumbled, but everything still seemed to be working, and wasting no more time, Harry pointed his wand straight at Malfoy and shouted, Rictusempra! A jet of silver light hit Malfoy in the stomach and he doubled up, wheezing. P a g e 213 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling I said disarm only! Lockhart shouted in alarm over the heads of the battling crowd, as Malfoy sank to his knees Harry had hit him with a Tickling Charm, and he could barely move for laughing. Harry hung back, with a vague feeling it would be unsporting to bewitch Malfoy while he was on the floor, but this was a mistake gasping for breath, Malfoy pointed his wand at Harrys knees, choked, Tarantallegra! and the next second Harrys legs began to jerk around out of his control in a kind of quickstep. Stop! Stop! screamed Lockhart, but Snape took charge. Finite Incantatem! he shouted Harrys feet stopped dancing, Malfoy stopped laughing, and they were able to look up.