Miserable, moaning, moping Myrtle! Youve forgotten pimply, Peeves hissed in her ear. Moaning Myrtle burst into anguished sobs and fled from the dungeon. Peeves shot after her, pelting her with moldy peanuts, yelling, Pimply! Pimply! Oh, dear, said Hermione sadly. Nearly Headless Nick now drifted toward them through the crowd. Enjoying yourselves? Oh, yes, they lied. Not a bad turnout, said Nearly Headless Nick proudly. The Wailing Widow came all the way up from Kent. Its nearly time for my speech, Id better go and warn the orchestra. The orchestra, however, stopped playing at that very moment. They, and everyone else in the dungeon, fell silent, looking around in excitement, as a hunting horn sounded. Oh, here we go, said Nearly Headless Nick bitterly. Through the dungeon wall burst a dozen ghost horses, each ridden by a headless horseman. The P a g e 150 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling assembly clapped wildly Harry started to clap, too, but stopped quickly at the sight of Nicks face. The horses galloped into the middle of the dance floor and halted, rearing and plunging. At the front of the pack was a large ghost who held his bearded head under his arm, from which position he was blowing the horn. The ghost leapt down, lifted his head high in the air so he could see over the crowd everyone laughed, and strode over to Nearly Headless Nick, squashing his head back onto his neck. Nick! he roared. How are you? Head still hanging in there? He gave a hearty guffaw and clapped Nearly Headless Nick on the shoulder. Welcome, Patrick, said Nick stiffly. Live uns! said Sir Patrick, spotting Harry, Ron, and Hermione and giving a huge, fake jump of astonishment, so that his head fell off again the crowd howled with laughter. Very amusing, said Nearly Headless Nick darkly. Dont mind Nick! shouted Sir Patricks head from the floor. Still upset we wont let him join the Hunt! But I mean to say look at the fellow I think, said Harry hurriedly, at a meaningful look from Nick, Nicks very frightening and er Ha! yelled Sir Patricks head. Bet he asked you to say that! If I could have everyones attention, its time for my speech! said Nearly Headless Nick loudly, striding P a g e 151 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling toward the podium and climbing into an icy blue spotlight. My late lamented lords, ladies, and gentlemen, it is my great sorrow But nobody heard much more. Sir Patrick and the rest of the Headless Hunt had just started a game of Head Hockey and the crowd were turning to watch. Nearly Headless Nick tried vainly to recapture his audience, but gave up as Sir Patricks head went sailing past him to loud cheers. Harry was very cold by now, not to mention hungry.