They each P a g e 66 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling grabbed a copy of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys were standing with Mr. and Mrs. Granger. Oh, there you are, good, said Mrs. Weasley. She sounded breathless and kept patting her hair. Well be able to see him in a minute. Gilderoy Lockhart came slowly into view, seated at a table surrounded by large pictures of his own face, all winking and flashing dazzlingly white teeth at the crowd. The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget menot blue that exactly matched his eyes his pointed wizards hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair. A short, irritablelooking man was dancing around taking photographs with a large black camera that emitted puffs of purple smoke with every blinding flash. Out of the way, there, he snarled at Ron, moving back to get a better shot. This is for the Daily Prophet Big deal, said Ron, rubbing his foot where the photographer had stepped on it. Gilderoy Lockhart heard him. He looked up. He saw Ron and then he saw Harry. He stared. Then he leapt to his feet and positively shouted, It cant be Harry Potter? The crowd parted, whispering excitedly Lockhart dived forward, seized Harrys arm, and pulled him to the front. The crowd burst into applause. Harrys face burned as Lockhart shook his hand for the photographer, who was clicking away madly, wafting thick smoke over the Weasleys. P a g e 67 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Nice big smile, Harry, said Lockhart, through his own gleaming teeth. Together, you and I are worth the front page. When he finally let go of Harrys hand, Harry could hardly feel his fingers. He tried to sidle back over to the Weasleys, but Lockhart threw an arm around his shoulders and clamped him tightly to his side. Ladies and gentlemen, he said loudly, waving for quiet. What an extraordinary moment this is! The perfect moment for me to make a little announcement Ive been sitting on for some time! When young Harry here stepped into Flourish and Blotts today, he only wanted to buy my autobiography which I shall be happy to present him now, free of charge The crowd applauded again. He had no idea, Lockhart continued, giving Harry a little shake that made his glasses slip to the end of his nose, that he would shortly be getting much, much more than my book, Magical Me. He and his schoolmates will, in fact, be getting the real magical me. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, I have great pleasure and pride in announcing that this September, I will be taking up the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry!