Maybe its asleep, he breathed, glancing back at the other two. Lockharts hands were pressed over his eyes. Harry turned back to look at the thing, his heart beating so fast it hurt. Very slowly, his eyes as narrow as he could make them and still see, Harry edged forward, his wand held high. The light slid over a gigantic snake skin, of a vivid, poisonous green, lying curled and empty across the tunnel floor. The creature that had shed it must have been twenty feet long at least. Blimey, said Ron weakly. There was a sudden movement behind them. Gilderoy Lockharts knees had given way. P a g e 337 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Get up, said Ron sharply, pointing his wand at Lockhart. Lockhart got to his feet then he dived at Ron, knocking him to the ground. Harry jumped forward, but too late Lockhart was straightening up, panting, Rons wand in his hand and a gleaming smile back on his face. The adventure ends here, boys! he said. I shall take a bit of this skin back up to the school, tell them I was too late to save the girl, and that you two tragically lost your minds at the sight of her mangled body say goodbye to your memories! He raised Rons Spellotaped wand high over his head and yelled, Obliviate! The wand exploded with the force of a small bomb. Harry flung his arms over his head and ran, slipping over the coils of snake skin, out of the way of great chunks of tunnel ceiling that were thundering to the floor. Next moment, he was standing alone, gazing at a solid wall of broken rock. Ron! he shouted. Are you okay? Ron! Im here! came Rons muffled voice from behind the rockfall. Im okay this gits not, though he got blasted by the wand There was a dull thud and a loud ow! It sounded as though Ron had just kicked Lockhart in the shins. What now? Rons voice said, sounding desperate. We cant get through itll take ages. P a g e 338 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry looked up at the tunnel ceiling. Huge cracks had appeared in it. He had never tried to break apart anything as large as these rocks by magic, and now didnt seem a good moment to try what if the whole tunnel caved in? There was another thud and another ow! from behind the rocks. They were wasting time. Ginny had already been in the Chamber of Secrets for hours. Harry knew there was only one thing to do. Wait there, he called to Ron. Wait with Lockhart. Ill go on. If Im not back in an hour There was a very pregnant pause. Ill try and shift some of this rock, said Ron, who seemed to be trying to keep his voice steady. So you can can get back through.