He had just reached the portrait hole when there was a clatter behind him and Colin Creevey came dashing down the spiral staircase, his camera swinging madly around his neck and something clutched in his hand. I heard someone saying your name on the stairs, Harry! Look what Ive got here! Ive had it developed, I wanted to show you P a g e 117 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry looked bemusedly at the photograph Colin was brandishing under his nose. A moving, blackandwhite Lockhart was tugging hard on an arm Harry recognized as his own. He was pleased to see that his photographic self was putting up a good fight and refusing to be dragged into view. As Harry watched, Lockhart gave up and slumped, panting, against the white edge of the picture. Will you sign it? said Colin eagerly. No, said Harry flatly, glancing around to check that the room was really deserted. Sorry, Colin, Im in a hurry Quidditch practice He climbed through the portrait hole. Oh, wow! Wait for me! Ive never watched a Quidditch game before! Colin scrambled through the hole after him. Itll be really boring, Harry said quickly, but Colin ignored him, his face shining with excitement. You were the youngest House player in a hundred years, werent you, Harry? Werent you? said Colin, trotting alongside him. You must be brilliant. Ive never flown. Is it easy? Is that your own broom? Is that the best one there is? Harry didnt know how to get rid of him. It was like having an extremely talkative shadow. I dont really understand Quidditch, said Colin breathlessly. Is it true there are four balls? And two of them fly around trying to knock people off their brooms? P a g e 118 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Yes, said Harry heavily, resigned to explaining the complicated rules of Quidditch. Theyre called Bludgers. There are two Beaters on each team who carry clubs to beat the Bludgers away from their side. Fred and George Weasley are the Gryffindor Beaters. And what are the other balls for? Colin asked, tripping down a couple of steps because he was gazing openmouthed at Harry. Well, the Quaffle thats the biggish red one is the one that scores goals. Three Chasers on each team throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get it through the goal posts at the end of the pitch theyre three long poles with hoops on the end. And the fourth ball is the Golden Snitch, said Harry, and its very small, very fast, and difficult to catch. But thats what the Seekers got to do, because a game of Quidditch doesnt end until the Snitch has been caught. And whichever teams Seeker gets the Snitch earns his team an extra hundred and fifty points. And youre the Gryffindor Seeker, arent you? said Colin in awe.