The door banged shut and Ron pulled off the Invisibility Cloak. Were in trouble now, he said hoarsely. No Dumbledore. They might as well close the school tonight. Therell be an attack a day with him gone. Fang started howling, scratching at the closed door. P a g e 294 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling ARAGOG Summer was creeping over the grounds around the castle sky and lake alike turned periwinkle blue and flowers large as cabbages burst into bloom in the greenhouses. But with no Hagrid visible from the castle windows, striding the grounds with Fang at his heels, the scene didnt look right to Harry no better, in fact, than the inside of the castle, where things were so horribly wrong. Harry and Ron had tried to visit Hermione, but visitors were now barred from the hospital wing. Were taking no more chances, Madam Pomfrey told them severely through a crack in the infirmary door. No, Im sorry, theres every chance the attacker might come back to finish these people off. With Dumbledore gone, fear had spread as never before, so that the sun warming the castle walls outside seemed to stop at the mullioned windows. There was barely a face to be seen in the school that didnt look worried and tense, and any laughter that P a g e 295 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling rang through the corridors sounded shrill and unnatural and was quickly stifled. Harry constantly repeated Dumbledores final words to himself. I will only truly have left this school when none here are loyal to me. Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it. But what good were these words? Who exactly were they supposed to ask for help, when everyone was just as confused and scared as they were? Hagrids hint about the spiders was far easier to understand the trouble was, there didnt seem to be a single spider left in the castle to follow. Harry looked everywhere he went, helped rather reluctantly by Ron. They were hampered, of course, by the fact that they werent allowed to wander off on their own but had to move around the castle in a pack with the other Gryffindors. Most of their fellow students seemed glad that they were being shepherded from class to class by teachers, but Harry found it very irksome. One person, however, seemed to be thoroughly enjoying the atmosphere of terror and suspicion. Draco Malfoy was strutting around the school as though he had just been appointed Head Boy. Harry didnt realize what he was so pleased about until the Potions lesson about two weeks after Dumbledore and Hagrid had left, when, sitting right behind Malfoy, Harry overheard him gloating to Crabbe and Goyle. I always thought Father might be the one who got rid of Dumbledore, he said, not troubling to keep his voice down.