Harry started to tell them about Colin, but Hermione interrupted. We already know we heard Professor McGonagall telling Professor Flitwick this morning. Thats why we decided wed better get going The sooner we get a confession out of Malfoy, the better, snarled Ron. Dyou know what I think? He was in such a foul temper after the Quidditch match, he took it out on Colin. Theres something else, said Harry, watching Hermione tearing bundles of knotgrass and throwing them into the potion. Dobby came to visit me in the middle of the night. Ron and Hermione looked up, amazed. Harry told them everything Dobby had told him or hadnt told him. Hermione and Ron listened with their mouths open. The Chamber of Secrets has been opened before? Hermione said. This settles it, said Ron in a triumphant voice. Lucius Malfoy mustve opened the Chamber when he was at school here and now hes told dear old Draco how to do it. Its obvious. Wish Dobbyd told you what kind of monsters in there, though. I want to know how come nobodys noticed it sneaking around the school. Maybe it can make itself invisible, said Hermione, prodding leeches to the bottom of the cauldron. Or maybe it can disguise itself pretend to be a suit of P a g e 205 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling armor or something Ive read about Chameleon Ghouls You read too much, Hermione, said Ron, pouring dead lacewings on top of the leeches. He crumpled up the empty lacewing bag and looked at Harry. So Dobby stopped us from getting on the train and broke your arm. He shook his head. You know what, Harry? If he doesnt stop trying to save your life hes going to kill you. The news that Colin Creevey had been attacked and was now lying as though dead in the hospital wing had spread through the entire school by Monday morning. The air was suddenly thick with rumor and suspicion. The first years were now moving around the castle in tightknit groups, as though scared they would be attacked if they ventured forth alone. Ginny Weasley, who sat next to Colin Creevey in Charms, was distraught, but Harry felt that Fred and George were going the wrong way about cheering her up. They were taking turns covering themselves with fur or boils and jumping out at her from behind statues. They only stopped when Percy, apoplectic with rage, told them he was going to write to Mrs. Weasley and tell her Ginny was having nightmares. Meanwhile, hidden from the teachers, a roaring trade in talismans, amulets, and other protective devices was sweeping the school. Neville Longbottom bought a large, evilsmelling green onion, a pointed purple crystal, and a rotting newt tail before the other Gryffindor boys pointed out that he was in no danger P a g e 206 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K.