said Ron sharply. What dyou mean, a bit of whoever were changing into? Im drinking nothing with Crabbes toenails in it Hermione continued as though she hadnt heard him. We dont have to worry about that yet, though, because we add those bits last. Ron turned, speechless, to Harry, who had another worry. Dyou realize how much were going to have to steal, Hermione? Shredded skin of a boomslang, thats definitely not in the students cupboard. Whatre we going to do, break into Snapes private stores? I dont know if this is a good idea. P a g e 184 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Hermione shut the book with a snap. Well, if you two are going to chicken out, fine, she said. There were bright pink patches on her cheeks and her eyes were brighter than usual. I dont want to break rules, you know. I think threatening Muggle borns is far worse than brewing up a difficult potion. But if you dont want to find out if its Malfoy, Ill go straight to Madam Pince now and hand the book back in I never thought Id see the day when youd be persuading us to break rules, said Ron. All right, well do it. But not toenails, okay? How long will it take to make, anyway? said Harry as Hermione, looking happier, opened the book again. Well, since the fluxweed has got to be picked at the full moon and the lacewings have got to be stewed for twentyone days Id say itd be ready in about a month, if we can get all the ingredients. A month? said Ron. Malfoy could have attacked half the Muggleborns in the school by then! But Hermiones eyes narrowed dangerously again, and he added swiftly, But its the best plan weve got, so full steam ahead, I say. However, while Hermione was checking that the coast was clear for them to leave the bathroom, Ron muttered to Harry, Itll be a lot less hassle if you can just knock Malfoy off his broom tomorrow. Harry woke early on Saturday morning and lay for a while thinking about the coming Quidditch match. He was nervous, mainly at the thought of what Wood would say if Gryffindor lost, but also at the idea of facing a team mounted on the fastest racing brooms P a g e 185 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling gold could buy. He had never wanted to beat Slytherin so badly. After half an hour of lying there with his insides churning, he got up, dressed, and went down to breakfast early, where he found the rest of the Gryffindor team huddled at the long, empty table, all looking uptight and not speaking much. As eleven oclock approached, the whole school started to make its way down to the Quidditch stadium. It was a muggy sort of day with a hint of thunder in the air.