Rowling he was a pureblood, and therefore unlikely to be attacked. They went for Filch first, Neville said, his round face fearful. And everyone knows Im almost a Squib. In the second week of December Professor McGonagall came around as usual, collecting names of those who would be staying at school for Christmas. Harry, Ron, and Hermione signed her list they had heard that Malfoy was staying, which struck them as very suspicious. The holidays would be the perfect time to use the Polyjuice Potion and try to worm a confession out of him. Unfortunately, the potion was only half finished. They still needed the bicorn horn and the boomslang skin, and the only place they were going to get them was from Snapes private stores. Harry privately felt hed rather face Slytherins legendary monster than let Snape catch him robbing his office. What we need, said Hermione briskly as Thursday afternoons double Potions lesson loomed nearer, is a diversion. Then one of us can sneak into Snapes office and take what we need. Harry and Ron looked at her nervously. I think Id better do the actual stealing, Hermione continued in a matteroffact tone. You two will be expelled if you get into any more trouble, and Ive got a clean record. So all you need to do is cause enough mayhem to keep Snape busy for five minutes or so. Harry smiled feebly. Deliberately causing mayhem in Snapes Potions class was about as safe as poking a sleeping dragon in the eye. P a g e 207 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Potions lessons took place in one of the large dungeons. Thursday afternoons lesson proceeded in the usual way. Twenty cauldrons stood steaming between the wooden desks, on which stood brass scales and jars of ingredients. Snape prowled through the fumes, making waspish remarks about the Gryffindors work while the Slytherins sniggered appreciatively. Draco Malfoy, who was Snapes favorite student, kept flicking pufferfish eyes at Ron and Harry, who knew that if they retaliated they would get detention faster than you could say Unfair. Harrys Swelling Solution was far too runny, but he had his mind on more important things. He was waiting for Hermiones signal, and he hardly listened as Snape paused to sneer at his watery potion. When Snape turned and walked off to bully Neville, Hermione caught Harrys eye and nodded. Harry ducked swiftly down behind his cauldron, pulled one of Freds Filibuster fireworks out of his pocket, and gave it a quick prod with his wand. The firework began to fizz and sputter. Knowing he had only seconds, Harry straightened up, took aim, and lobbed it into the air it landed right on target in Goyles cauldron. Goyles potion exploded, showering the whole class. People shrieked as splashes of the Swelling Solution hit them.