Stored in an underground vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him. Of course, it was only in the wizarding world that he had money you couldnt use Galleons, Sickles, and Knuts in Muggle shops. He had never mentioned his Gringotts bank account to the Dursleys he didnt think their horror of anything connected with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold. Mrs. Weasley woke them all early the following Wednesday. After a quick half a dozen bacon sandwiches each, they pulled on their coats and Mrs. Weasley took a flowerpot off the kitchen mantelpiece and peered inside. Were running low, Arthur, she sighed. Well have to buy some more today. Ah well, guests first! After you, Harry dear! And she offered him the flowerpot. Harry stared at them all watching him. Wwhat am I supposed to do? he stammered. Hes never traveled by Floo powder, said Ron suddenly. Sorry, Harry, I forgot. Never? said Mr. Weasley. But how did you get to Diagon Alley to buy your school things last year? I went on the Underground Really? said Mr. Weasley eagerly. Were there escapators? How exactly P a g e 53 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Not now, Arthur, said Mrs. Weasley. Floo powders a lot quicker, dear, but goodness me, if youve never used it before Hell be all right, Mum, said Fred. Harry, watch us first. He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the flowerpot, stepped up to the fire, and threw the powder into the flames. With a roar, the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred, who stepped right into it, shouted, Diagon Alley! and vanished. You must speak clearly, dear, Mrs. Weasley told Harry as George dipped his hand into the flowerpot. And be sure to get out at the right grate. The right what? said Harry nervously as the fire roared and whipped George out of sight, too. Well, there are an awful lot of wizard fires to choose from, you know, but as long as youve spoken clearly Hell be fine, Molly, dont fuss, said Mr. Weasley, helping himself to Floo powder, too. But, dear, if he got lost, how would we ever explain to his aunt and uncle? They wouldnt mind, Harry reassured her. Dudley would think it was a brilliant joke if I got lost up a chimney, dont worry about that Well all right you go after Arthur, said Mrs. Weasley. Now, when you get into the fire, say where youre going P a g e 54 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling And keep your elbows tucked in, Ron advised. And your eyes shut, said Mrs. Weasley. The soot Dont fidget, said Ron. Or you might well fall out of the wrong fireplace But dont panic and get out too early wait until you see Fred and George.