The real Lockhart lit the candles on his desk and stood back. Dumbledore laid Mrs. Norris on the polished surface and began to examine her. Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged tense looks and sank into chairs outside the pool of candlelight, watching. The tip of Dumbledores long, crooked nose was barely an inch from Mrs. Norriss fur. He was looking at her closely through his halfmoon spectacles, his long fingers gently prodding and poking. Professor McGonagall was bent almost as close, her eyes narrowed. Snape loomed behind them, half in shadow, wearing a most peculiar expression It was as though he was trying hard not to smile. And Lockhart was hovering around all of them, making suggestions. It was definitely a curse that killed her probably the Transmogrifian Torture Ive seen it used many P a g e 157 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling times, so unlucky I wasnt there, I know the very countercurse that would have saved her. Lockharts comments were punctuated by Filchs dry, racking sobs. He was slumped in a chair by the desk, unable to look at Mrs. Norris, his face in his hands. Much as he detested Filch, Harry couldnt help feeling a bit sorry for him, though not nearly as sorry as he felt for himself. If Dumbledore believed Filch, he would be expelled for sure. Dumbledore was now muttering strange words under his breath and tapping Mrs. Norris with his wand but nothing happened She continued to look as though she had been recently stuffed. I remember something very similar happening in Ouagadougou, said Lockhart, a series of attacks, the full storys in my autobiography, I was able to provide the townsfolk with various amulets, which cleared the matter up at once. The photographs of Lockhart on the walls were all nodding in agreement as he talked. One of them had forgotten to remove his hair net. At last Dumbledore straightened up. Shes not dead, Argus, he said softly. Lockhart stopped abruptly in the middle of counting the number of murders he had prevented. Not dead? choked Filch, looking through his fingers at Mrs. Norris. But whys she all all stiff and frozen? P a g e 158 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling She has been Petrified, said Dumbledore Ah! I thought so! said Lockhart. But how, I cannot say. Ask him! shrieked Filch, turning his blotched and tearstained face to Harry. No second year could have done this, said Dumbledore firmly. It would take Dark Magic of the most advanced He did it, he did it! Filch spat, his pouchy face purpling. You saw what he wrote on the wall! He found in my office he knows Im a Im a Filchs face worked horribly. He knows Im a Squib! he finished. I never touched Mrs. Norris! Harry said loudly, uncomfortably aware of everyone looking at him, including all the Lockharts on the walls. And I dont even know what a Squib is. Rubbish!