Harry nudged Ron in the ribs and nodded in Percys direction. Ron got the point at once. P a g e 94 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Got to get upstairs bit tired, he said, and the two of them started pushing their way toward the door on the other side of the room, which led to a spiral staircase and the dormitories. Night, Harry called back to Hermione, who was wearing a scowl just like Percys. They managed to get to the other side of the common room, still having their backs slapped, and gained the peace of the staircase. They hurried up it, right to the top, and at last reached the door of their old dormitory, which now had a sign on it saying SECOND YEARS. They entered the familiar, circular room, with its five fourposters hung with red velvet and its high, narrow windows. Their trunks had been brought up for them and stood at the ends of their beds. Ron grinned guiltily at Harry. I know I shouldntve enjoyed that or anything, but The dormitory door flew open and in came the other second year Gryffindor boys, Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville Longbottom. Unbelievable! beamed Seamus. Cool, said Dean. Amazing, said Neville, awestruck. Harry couldnt help it. He grinned, too. P a g e 95 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling GILDEROY LOCKHART The next day, however, Harry barely grinned once. Things started to go downhill from breakfast in the Great Hall. The four long House tables were laden with tureens of porridge, plates of kippers, mountains of toast, and dishes of eggs and bacon, beneath the enchanted ceiling today, a dull, cloudy gray. Harry and Ron sat down at the Gryffindor table next to Hermione, who had her copy of Voyages with Vampires propped open against a milk jug. There was a slight stiffness in the way she said Morning, which told Harry that she was still disapproving of the way they had arrived. Neville Longbottom, on the other hand, greeted them cheerfully. Neville was a roundfaced and accidentprone boy with the worst memory of anyone Harry had ever met. Mails due any minute I think Grans sending a few things I forgot. Harry had only just started his porridge when, sure enough, there was a rushing sound overhead and a hundred or so owls streamed in, circling the hall and P a g e 96 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling dropping letters and packages into the chattering crowd. A big, lumpy package bounced off Nevilles head and, a second later, something large and gray fell into Hermiones jug, spraying them all with milk and feathers. Errol! said Ron, pulling the bedraggled owl out by the feet. Errol slumped, unconscious, onto the table, his legs in the air and a damp red envelope in his beak. Oh, no Ron gasped.