And still, behind his back, Dobby was pointing, first to the diary, then to Lucius Malfoy, then punching himself in the head. And Harry suddenly understood. He nodded at Dobby, and Dobby backed into a corner, now twisting his ears in punishment. Dont you want to know how Ginny got hold of that diary, Mr. Malfoy? said Harry. Lucius Malfoy rounded on him. How should I know how the stupid little girl got hold of it? he said. P a g e 374 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Because you gave it to her, said Harry. In Flourish and Blotts. You picked up her old Transfiguration book and slipped the diary inside it, didnt you? He saw Mr. Malfoys white hands clench and unclench. Prove it, he hissed. Oh, no one will be able to do that, said Dumbledore, smiling at Harry. Not now that Riddle has vanished from the book. On the other hand, I would advise you, Lucius, not to go giving out any more of Lord Voldemorts old school things. If any more of them find their way into innocent hands, I think Arthur Weasley, for one, will make sure they are traced back to you. Lucius Malfoy stood for a moment, and Harry distinctly saw his right hand twitch as though he was longing to reach for his wand. Instead, he turned to his houseelf. Were going, Dobby! He wrenched open the door and as the elf came hurrying up to him, he kicked him right through it. They could hear Dobby squealing with pain all the way along the corridor. Harry stood for a moment, thinking hard. Then it came to him Professor Dumbledore, he said hurriedly. Can I give that diary back to Mr. Malfoy, please? Certainly, Harry, said Dumbledore calmly. But hurry. The feast, remember. Harry grabbed the diary and dashed out of the office. He could hear Dobbys squeals of pain receding P a g e 375 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling around the corner. Quickly, wondering if this plan could possibly work, Harry took off one of his shoes, pulled off his slimy, filthy sock, and stuffed the diary into it. Then he ran down the dark corridor. He caught up with them at the top of the stairs. Mr. Malfoy, he gasped, skidding to a halt, Ive got something for you And he forced the smelly sock into Lucius Malfoys hand. What the ? Mr. Malfoy ripped the sock off the diary, threw it aside, then looked furiously from the ruined book to Harry. Youll meet the same sticky end as your parents one of these days, Harry Potter, he said softly. They were meddlesome fools, too. He turned to go. Come, Dobby. I said, come. But Dobby didnt move. He was holding up Harrys disgusting, slimy sock, and looking at it as though it were a priceless treasure. Master has given a sock, said the elf in wonderment.