Rowling carved into lanterns large enough for three men to sit in, and there were rumors that Dumbledore had booked a troupe of dancing skeletons for the entertainment. A promise is a promise, Hermione reminded Harry bossily. You said youd go to the deathday party. So at seven oclock, Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked straight past the doorway to the packed Great Hall, which was glittering invitingly with gold plates and candles, and directed their steps instead toward the dungeons. The passageway leading to Nearly Headless Nicks party had been lined with candles, too, though the effect was far from cheerful These were long, thin, jetblack tapers, all burning bright blue, casting a dim, ghostly light even over their own living faces. The temperature dropped with every step they took. As Harry shivered and drew his robes tightly around him, he heard what sounded like a thousand fingernails scraping an enormous blackboard. Is that supposed to be music? Ron whispered. They turned a corner and saw Nearly Headless Nick standing at a doorway hung with black velvet drapes. My dear friends, he said mournfully. Welcome, welcome so pleased you could come. He swept off his plumed hat and bowed them inside. It was an incredible sight. The dungeon was full of hundreds of pearlywhite, translucent people, mostly drifting around a crowded dance floor, waltzing to the dreadful, quavering sound of thirty musical saws, played by an orchestra on a raised, blackdraped platform. A chandelier overhead blazed midnightblue P a g e 146 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling with a thousand more black candles. Their breath rose in a mist before them it was like stepping into a freezer. Shall we have a look around? Harry suggested, wanting to warm up his feet. Careful not to walk through anyone, said Ron nervously, and they set off around the edge of the dance floor. They passed a group of gloomy nuns, a ragged man wearing chains, and the Fat Friar, a cheerful Hufflepuff ghost, who was talking to a knight with an arrow sticking out of his forehead. Harry wasnt surprised to see that the Bloody Baron, a gaunt, staring Slytherin ghost covered in silver bloodstains, was being given a wide berth by the other ghosts. Oh, no, said Hermione, stopping abruptly. Turn back, turn back, I dont want to talk to Moaning Myrtle Who? said Harry as they backtracked quickly. She haunts one of the toilets in the girls bathroom on the first floor, said Hermione. She haunts a toilet? Yes. Its been outoforder all year because she keeps having tantrums and flooding the place. I never went in there anyway if I could avoid it its awful trying to have a pee with her wailing at you Look, food! said Ron. On the other side of the dungeon was a long table, also covered in black velvet.