Harry let Lockharts voice wash over him, occasionally saying, Mmm and Right and Yeah. Now and then he caught a phrase like, Fames a fickle friend, Harry, or Celebrity is as celebrity does, remember that. The candles burned lower and lower, making the light dance over the many moving faces of Lockhart watching him. Harry moved his aching hand over what felt like the thousandth envelope, writing out Veronica Smethleys address. It must be nearly time to leave, Harry thought miserably, please let it be nearly time. P a g e 133 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling And then he heard something something quite apart from the spitting of the dying candles and Lockharts prattle about his fans. It was a voice, a voice to chill the bone marrow, a voice of breathtaking, icecold venom. Come come to me. Let me rip you. Let me tear you. Let me kill you. Harry gave a huge jump and a large lilac blot appeared on Veronica Smethleys street. What? he said loudly. I know! said Lockhart. Six solid months at the top of the bestseller list! Broke all records! No, said Harry frantically. That voice! Sorry? said Lockhart, looking puzzled. What voice? That that voice that said didnt you hear it? Lockhart was looking at Harry in high astonishment. What are you talking about, Harry? Perhaps youre getting a little drowsy? Great Scott look at the time! Weve been here nearly four hours! Id never have believed it the times flown, hasnt it? Harry didnt answer. He was straining his ears to hear the voice again, but there was no sound now except for Lockhart telling him he mustnt expect a treat like this every time he got detention. Feeling dazed, Harry left. It was so late that the Gryffindor common room was almost empty. Harry went straight up to the P a g e 134 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling dormitory. Ron wasnt back yet. Harry pulled on his pajamas, got into bed, and waited. Half an hour later, Ron arrived, nursing his right arm and bringing a strong smell of polish into the darkened room. My muscles have all seized up, he groaned, sinking on his bed. Fourteen times he made me buff up that Quidditch Cup before he was satisfied. And then I had another slug attack all over a Special Award for Services to the School. Took ages to get the slime off. How was it with Lockhart? Keeping his voice low so as not to wake Neville, Dean, and Seamus, Harry told Ron exactly what he had heard. And Lockhart said he couldnt hear it? said Ron. Harry could see him frowning in the moonlight. Dyou think he was lying? But I dont get it even someone invisible wouldve had to open the door. I know, said Harry, lying back in his fourposter and staring at the canopy above him. I dont get it either.