Then came a faint moan from the end of the Chamber. Ginny was stirring. As Harry hurried toward her, she sat up. Her bemused eyes traveled from the huge form of the dead basilisk, over Harry, in his bloodsoaked robes, then to the diary in his hand. She drew a great, shuddering gasp and tears began to pour down her face. Harry oh, Harry I tried to tell you at b breakfast, but I ccouldnt say it in front of Percy it was me, Harry but I I sswear I ddidnt mean to RRiddle made me, he ttook me over and how did you kill that that thing? Wwheres Riddle? The last thing I rremember is him coming out of the diary P a g e 359 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Its all right, said Harry, holding up the diary, and showing Ginny the fang hole, Riddles finished. Look! Him and the basilisk. Cmon, Ginny, lets get out of here Im going to be expelled! Ginny wept as Harry helped her awkwardly to her feet. Ive looked forward to coming to Hogwarts ever since BBill came and nnow Ill have to leave and wwhatll Mum and Dad say? Fawkes was waiting for them, hovering in the Chamber entrance. Harry urged Ginny forward they stepped over the motionless coils of the dead basilisk, through the echoing gloom, and back into the tunnel. Harry heard the stone doors close behind them with a soft hiss. After a few minutes progress up the dark tunnel, a distant sound of slowly shifting rock reached Harrys ears. Ron! Harry yelled, speeding up. Ginnys okay! Ive got her! He heard Ron give a strangled cheer, and they turned the next bend to see his eager face staring through the sizable gap he had managed to make in the rockfall. Ginny! Ron thrust an arm through the gap in the rock to pull her through first. Youre alive! I dont believe it! What happened? How what where did that bird come from? Fawkes had swooped through the gap after Ginny. Hes Dumbledores, said Harry, squeezing through himself. P a g e 360 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling How come youve got a sword? said Ron, gaping at the glittering weapon in Harrys hand. Ill explain when we get out of here, said Harry with a sideways glance at Ginny, who was crying harder than ever. But Later, Harry said shortly. He didnt think it was a good idea to tell Ron yet whod been opening the Chamber, not in front of Ginny, anyway. Wheres Lockhart? Back there, said Ron, still looking puzzled but jerking his head up the tunnel toward the pipe. Hes in a bad way. Come and see. Led by Fawkes, whose wide scarlet wings emitted a soft golden glow in the darkness, they walked all the way back to the mouth of the pipe. Gilderoy Lockhart was sitting there, humming placidly to himself.