Rowling DOBBYS REWARD For a moment there was silence as Harry, Ron, Ginny, and Lockhart stood in the doorway, covered in muck and slime and in Harrys case blood. Then there was a scream. Ginny! It was Mrs. Weasley, who had been sitting crying in front of the fire. She leapt to her feet, closely followed by Mr. Weasley, and both of them flung themselves on their daughter. Harry, however, was looking past them. Professor Dumbledore was standing by the mantelpiece, beaming, next to Professor McGonagall, who was taking great, steadying gasps, clutching her chest. Fawkes went whooshing past Harrys ear and settled on Dumbledores shoulder, just as Harry found himself and Ron being swept into Mrs. Weasleys tight embrace. You saved her! You saved her! How did you do it? P a g e 364 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling I think wed all like to know that, said Professor McGonagall weakly. Mrs. Weasley let go of Harry, who hesitated for a moment, then walked over to the desk and laid upon it the Sorting Hat, the rubyencrusted sword, and what remained of Riddles diary. Then he started telling them everything. For nearly a quarter of an hour he spoke into the rapt silence He told them about hearing the disembodied voice, how Hermione had finally realized that he was hearing a basilisk in the pipes how he and Ron had followed the spiders into the forest, that Aragog had told them where the last victim of the basilisk had died how he had guessed that Moaning Myrtle had been the victim, and that the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets might be in her bathroom. Very well, Professor McGonagall prompted him as he paused, so you found out where the entrance was breaking a hundred school rules into pieces along the way, I might add but how on earth did you all get out of there alive, Potter? So Harry, his voice now growing hoarse from all this talking, told them about Fawkess timely arrival and about the Sorting Hat giving him the sword. But then he faltered. He had so far avoided mentioning Riddles diary or Ginny. She was standing with her head against Mrs. Weasleys shoulder, and tears were still coursing silently down her cheeks. What if they expelled her? Harry thought in panic. Riddles diary didnt work anymore. How could they prove it had been he whod made her do it all? Instinctively, Harry looked at Dumbledore, who smiled faintly, the firelight glancing off his halfmoon spectacles. P a g e 365 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling What interests me most, said Dumbledore gently, is how Lord Voldemort managed to enchant Ginny, when my sources tell me he is currently in hiding in the forests of Albania. Relief warm, sweeping, glorious relief swept over Harry. Wwhats that? said Mr. Weasley in a stunned voice. YouKnowWho? Enenchant Ginny? But Ginnys not Ginny hasnt been has she?