Down the moving spiral staircase they went, emerging next to the gargoyle in the darkening corridor. Riddle stopped, and so did Harry, watching him. Harry could tell that Riddle was doing some serious thinking. He was biting his lip, his forehead furrowed. Then, as though he had suddenly reached a decision, he hurried off, Harry gliding noiselessly behind him. They didnt see another person until they reached the entrance hall, when a tall wizard with long, sweeping auburn hair and a beard called to Riddle from the marble staircase. What are you doing, wandering around this late, Tom? Harry gaped at the wizard. He was none other than a fiftyyearyounger Dumbledore. I had to see the headmaster, sir, said Riddle. Well, hurry off to bed, said Dumbledore, giving Riddle exactly the kind of penetrating stare Harry knew so well. Best not to roam the corridors these days. Not since He sighed heavily, bade Riddle good night, and strode off. Riddle watched him walk out of sight and then, P a g e 273 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling moving quickly, headed straight down the stone steps to the dungeons, with Harry in hot pursuit. But to Harrys disappointment, Riddle led him not into a hidden passageway or a secret tunnel but to the very dungeon in which Harry had Potions with Snape. The torches hadnt been lit, and when Riddle pushed the door almost closed, Harry could only just see him, standing stockstill by the door, watching the passage outside. It felt to Harry that they were there for at least an hour. All he could see was the figure of Riddle at the door, staring through the crack, waiting like a statue. And just when Harry had stopped feeling expectant and tense and started wishing he could return to the present, he heard something move beyond the door. Someone was creeping along the passage. He heard whoever it was pass the dungeon where he and Riddle were hidden. Riddle, quiet as a shadow, edged through the door and followed, Harry tiptoeing behind him, forgetting that he couldnt be heard. For perhaps five minutes they followed the footsteps, until Riddle stopped suddenly, his head inclined in the direction of new noises. Harry heard a door creak open, and then someone speaking in a hoarse whisper. Cmon gotta get yeh outta here. Cmon now in the box There was something familiar about that voice. Riddle suddenly jumped around the corner. Harry stepped out behind him. He could see the dark outline of a huge boy who was crouching in front of an open door, a very large box next to it. P a g e 274 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Evening, Rubeus, said Riddle sharply. The boy slammed the door shut and stood up. What yer doin down here, Tom? Riddle stepped closer. Its all over, he said. Im going to have to turn you in, Rubeus.