A haze of greenish smoke was hovering over the scene. Both Neville and Justin were lying on the floor, panting Ron was holding up an ashenfaced Seamus, apologizing for whatever his broken wand had done but Hermione and Millicent Bulstrode were still moving Millicent had Hermione in a headlock and Hermione was whimpering in pain both their wands lay forgotten on the floor. Harry leapt forward and pulled Millicent off. It was difficult She was a lot bigger than he was. Dear, dear, said Lockhart, skittering through the crowd, looking at the aftermath of the duels. Up you go, Macmillan. Careful there, Miss Fawcett. Pinch it hard, itll stop bleeding in a second, Boot I think Id better teach you how to block unfriendly spells, said Lockhart, standing flustered in the midst of the hall. He glanced at Snape, whose black eyes glinted, and looked quickly away. Lets have a P a g e 214 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling volunteer pair Longbottom and FinchFletchley, how about you A bad idea, Professor Lockhart, said Snape, gliding over like a large and malevolent bat. Longbottom causes devastation with the simplest spells. Well be sending whats left of FinchFletchley up to the hospital wing in a matchbox. Nevilles round, pink face went pinker. How about Malfoy and Potter? said Snape with a twisted smile. Excellent idea! said Lockhart, gesturing Harry and Malfoy into the middle of the hall as the crowd backed away to give them room. Now, Harry, said Lockhart. When Draco points his wand at you, you do this. He raised his own wand, attempted a complicated sort of wiggling action, and dropped it. Snape smirked as Lockhart quickly picked it up, saying, Whoops my wand is a little overexcited Snape moved closer to Malfoy, bent down, and whispered something in his ear. Malfoy smirked, too. Harry looked up nervously at Lockhart and said, Professor, could you show me that blocking thing again? Scared? muttered Malfoy, so that Lockhart couldnt hear him. You wish, said Harry out of the corner of his mouth. Lockhart cuffed Harry merrily on the shoulder. Just do what I did, Harry! What, drop my wand? P a g e 215 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling But Lockhart wasnt listening. Three two one go! he shouted. Malfoy raised his wand quickly and bellowed, Serpensortia! The end of his wand exploded. Harry watched, aghast, as a long black snake shot out of it, fell heavily onto the floor between them, and raised itself, ready to strike. There were screams as the crowd backed swiftly away, clearing the floor. Dont move, Potter, said Snape lazily, clearly enjoying the sight of Harry standing motionless, eye to eye with the angry snake. Ill get rid of it. Allow me! shouted Lockhart.