Well, you havent finished it, said Harry triumphantly. No ones died this time, not even the cat. In a few hours the Mandrake Draught will be ready and everyone who was Petrified will be all right again Havent I already told you, said Riddle quietly, that killing Mudbloods doesnt matter to me anymore? For many months now, my new target has been you. Harry stared at him. Imagine how angry I was when the next time my diary was opened, it was Ginny who was writing to me, not you. She saw you with the diary, you see, and panicked. What if you found out how to work it, and I repeated all her secrets to you? What if, even worse, I told you whod been strangling roosters? So the foolish little brat waited until your dormitory was deserted and stole it back. But I knew what I must do. It was clear to me that you were on the trail of Slytherins heir. From everything Ginny had told me about you, I knew you would go to any lengths to solve the mystery particularly if one of your best friends was attacked. And Ginny had told me the P a g e 348 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling whole school was buzzing because you could speak Parseltongue. So I made Ginny write her own farewell on the wall and come down here to wait. She struggled and cried and became very boring. But there isnt much life left in her. She put too much into the diary, into me. Enough to let me leave its pages at last. I have been waiting for you to appear since we arrived here. I knew youd come. I have many questions for you, Harry Potter. Like what? Harry spat, fists still clenched. Well, said Riddle, smiling pleasantly, how is it that you a skinny boy with no extraordinary magical talent managed to defeat the greatest wizard of all time? How did you escape with nothing but a scar, while Lord Voldemorts powers were destroyed? There was an odd red gleam in his hungry eyes now. Why do you care how I escaped? said Harry slowly. Voldemort was after your time. Voldemort, said Riddle softly, is my past, present, and future, Harry Potter. He pulled Harrys wand from his pocket and began to trace it through the air, writing three shimmering words tom marvolo riddle Then he waved the wand once, and the letters of his name rearranged themselves i am lord voldemort P a g e 349 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling You see? he whispered. It was a name I was already using at Hogwarts, to my most intimate friends only, of course. You think I was going to use my filthy Muggle fathers name forever? I, in whose veins runs the blood of Salazar Slytherin himself, through my mothers side?