Im only joking Ron added hastily as Ginny blanched. The attack had also had an effect on Hermione. It was quite usual for Hermione to spend a lot of time reading, but she was now doing almost nothing else. Nor could Harry and Ron get much response from her when they asked what she was up to, and not until the following Wednesday did they find out. Harry had been held back in Potions, where Snape had made him stay behind to scrape tubeworms off P a g e 163 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling the desks. After a hurried lunch, he went upstairs to meet Ron in the library, and saw Justin Finch Fletchley, the Hufflepuff boy from Herbology, coming toward him. Harry had just opened his mouth to say hello when Justin caught sight of him, turned abruptly, and sped off in the opposite direction. Harry found Ron at the back of the library, measuring his History of Magic homework. Professor Binns had asked for a threefootlong composition on The Medieval Assembly of European Wizards. I dont believe it, Im still eight inches short. said Ron furiously, letting go of his parchment, which sprang back into a roll. And Hermiones done four feet seven inches and her writings tiny. Where is she? asked Harry, grabbing the tape measure and unrolling his own homework. Somewhere over there, said Ron, pointing along the shelves. Looking for another book. I think shes trying to read the whole library before Christmas. Harry told Ron about Justin FinchFletchley running away from him. Dunno why you care. I thought he was a bit of an idiot, said Ron, scribbling away, making his writing as large as possible. All that junk about Lockhart being so great Hermione emerged from between the bookshelves. She looked irritable and at last seemed ready to talk to them. All the copies of Hogwarts, A History have been taken out, she said, sitting down next to Harry and Ron. And theres a twoweek waiting list. I wish I hadnt P a g e 164 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling left my copy at home, but I couldnt fit it in my trunk with all the Lockhart books. Why do you want it? said Harry. The same reason everyone else wants it, said Hermione, to read up on the legend of the Chamber of Secrets. Whats that? said Harry quickly. Thats just it. I cant remember, said Hermione, biting her lip. And I cant find the story anywhere else Hermione, let me read your composition, said Ron desperately, checking his watch. No, I wont, said Hermione, suddenly severe. Youve had ten days to finish it I only need another two inches, come on The bell rang. Ron and Hermione led the way to History of Magic, bickering. History of Magic was the dullest subject on their schedule.