Professor McGonagall stared at Dumbledore. But, Albus surely who? P a g e 201 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling The question is not who, said Dumbledore, his eyes on Colin. The question is, how. And from what Harry could see of Professor McGonagalls shadowy face, she didnt understand this any better than he did. P a g e 202 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling THE DUELING CLUB Harry woke up on Sunday morning to find the dormitory blazing with winter sunlight and his arm reboned but very stiff. He sat up quickly and looked over at Colins bed, but it had been blocked from view by the high curtains Harry had changed behind yesterday. Seeing that he was awake, Madam Pomfrey came bustling over with a breakfast tray and then began bending and stretching his arm and fingers. All in order, she said as he clumsily fed himself porridge lefthanded. When youve finished eating, you may leave. Harry dressed as quickly as he could and hurried off to Gryffindor Tower, desperate to tell Ron and Hermione about Colin and Dobby, but they werent there. Harry left to look for them, wondering where they could have got to and feeling slightly hurt that they werent interested in whether he had his bones back or not. P a g e 203 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling As Harry passed the library, Percy Weasley strolled out of it, looking in far better spirits than last time theyd met. Oh, hello, Harry, he said. Excellent flying yesterday, really excellent. Gryffindor has just taken the lead for the House Cup you earned fifty points! You havent seen Ron or Hermione, have you? said Harry. No, I havent, said Percy, his smile fading. I hope Rons not in another girls toilet. Harry forced a laugh, watched Percy walk out of sight, and then headed straight for Moaning Myrtles bathroom. He couldnt see why Ron and Hermione would be in there again, but after making sure that neither Filch nor any prefects were around, he opened the door and heard their voices coming from a locked stall. Its me, he said, closing the door behind him. There was a clunk, a splash, and a gasp from within the stall and he saw Hermiones eye peering through the keyhole. Harry! she said. You gave us such a fright come in hows your arm? Fine, said Harry, squeezing into the stall. An old cauldron was perched on the toilet, and a crackling from under the rim told Harry they had lit a fire beneath it. Conjuring up portable, waterproof fires was a speciality of Hermiones. Wedve come to meet you, but we decided to get started on the Polyjuice Potion, Ron explained as P a g e 204 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry, with difficulty, locked the stall again. Weve decided this is the safest place to hide it.