When the whole class was seated, Lockhart cleared his throat loudly and silence fell. He reached forward, picked up Neville Longbottoms copy of Travels with P a g e 110 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Trolls, and held it up to show his own, winking portrait on the front. Me, he said, pointing at it and winking as well. Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and fivetime winner of Witch Weeklys Most CharmingSmile Award but I dont talk about that. I didnt get rid of the Bandon Banshee by smiling at her! He waited for them to laugh a few people smiled weakly. I see youve all bought a complete set of my books well done. I thought wed start today with a little quiz. Nothing to worry about just to check how well youve read them, how much youve taken in When he had handed out the test papers he returned to the front of the class and said, You have thirty minutes start now! Harry looked down at his paper and read 1. What is Gilderoy Lockharts favorite color? 2. What is Gilderoy Lockharts secret ambition? 3. What, in your opinion, is Gilderoy Lockharts greatest achievement to date? On and on it went, over three sides of paper, right down to 54. When is Gilderoy Lockharts birthday, and what would his ideal gift be? P a g e 111 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Half an hour later, Lockhart collected the papers and rifled through them in front of the class. Tut, tut hardly any of you remembered that my favorite color is lilac. I say so in Year with the Yeti. And a few of you need to read Wanderings with Werewolves more carefully I clearly state in chapter twelve that my ideal birthday gift would be harmony between all magic and nonmagic peoples though I wouldnt say no to a large bottle of Ogdens Old Firewhisky! He gave them another roguish wink. Ron was now staring at Lockhart with an expression of disbelief on his face Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, who were sitting in front, were shaking with silent laughter. Hermione, on the other hand, was listening to Lockhart with rapt attention and gave a start when he mentioned her name. but Miss Hermione Granger knew my secret ambition is to rid the world of evil and market my own range of haircare potions good girl! In fact he flipped her paper over full marks! Where is Miss Hermione Granger? Hermione raised a trembling hand. Excellent! beamed Lockhart. Quite excellent! Take ten points for Gryffindor! And so to business He bent down behind his desk and lifted a large, covered cage onto it. Now be warned! It is my job to arm you against the foulest creatures known to wizardkind! You may find yourselves facing your worst fears in this room.