Rowling Hall behind him, talking loudly, exiting through the front doors on their way to the Quidditch pitch. Youd better get moving, said Ron. Its nearly eleven the match Harry raced up to Gryffindor Tower, collected his Nimbus Two Thousand, and joined the large crowd swarming across the grounds, but his mind was still in the castle along with the bodiless voice, and as he pulled on his scarlet robes in the locker room, his only comfort was that everyone was now outside to watch the game. The teams walked onto the field to tumultuous applause. Oliver Wood took off for a warmup flight around the goal posts Madam Hooch released the balls. The Hufflepuffs, who played in canary yellow, were standing in a huddle, having a lastminute discussion of tactics. Harry was just mounting his broom when Professor McGonagall came half marching, half running across the pitch, carrying an enormous purple megaphone. Harrys heart dropped like a stone. This match has been canceled, Professor McGonagall called through the megaphone, addressing the packed stadium. There were boos and shouts. Oliver Wood, looking devastated, landed and ran toward Professor McGonagall without getting off his broomstick. But, Professor! he shouted. Weve got to play the Cup Gryffindor Professor McGonagall ignored him and continued to shout through her megaphone P a g e 284 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling All students are to make their way back to the House common rooms, where their Heads of Houses will give them further information. As quickly as you can, please! Then she lowered the megaphone and beckoned Harry over to her. Potter, I think youd better come with me. Wondering how she could possibly suspect him this time, Harry saw Ron detach himself from the complaining crowd he came running up to them as they set off toward the castle. To Harrys surprise, Professor McGonagall didnt object. Yes, perhaps youd better come, too, Weasley. Some of the students swarming around them were grumbling about the match being canceled others looked worried. Harry and Ron followed Professor McGonagall back into the school and up the marble staircase. But they werent taken to anybodys office this time. This will be a bit of a shock, said Professor McGonagall in a surprisingly gentle voice as they approached the infirmary. There has been another attack another double attack. Harrys insides did a horrible somersault. Professor McGonagall pushed the door open and he and Ron entered. Madam Pomfrey was bending over a sixthyear girl with long, curly hair. Harry recognized her as the Ravenclaw theyd accidentally asked for directions to the Slytherin common room. And on the bed next to her was P a g e 285 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Hermione! Ron groaned. Hermione lay utterly still, her eyes open and glassy. They were found near the library, said Professor McGonagall. I dont suppose either of you can explain this? It was on the floor next to them.