Dobby went scurrying in after him, crouching at the hem of his cloak, a look of abject terror on his face. The elf was carrying a stained rag with which he was attempting to finish cleaning Mr. Malfoys shoes. Apparently Mr. Malfoy had set out in a great hurry, for not only were his shoes halfpolished, but his usually sleek hair was disheveled. Ignoring the elf bobbing apologetically around his ankles, he fixed his cold eyes upon Dumbledore. So! he said Youve come back. The governors suspended you, but you still saw fit to return to Hogwarts. P a g e 372 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Well, you see, Lucius, said Dumbledore, smiling serenely, the other eleven governors contacted me today. It was something like being caught in a hailstorm of owls, to tell the truth. Theyd heard that Arthur Weasleys daughter had been killed and wanted me back here at once. They seemed to think I was the best man for the job after all. Very strange tales they told me, too. Several of them seemed to think that you had threatened to curse their families if they didnt agree to suspend me in the first place. Mr. Malfoy went even paler than usual, but his eyes were still slits of fury. So have you stopped the attacks yet? he sneered. Have you caught the culprit? We have, said Dumbledore, with a smile. Well? said Mr. Malfoy sharply. Who is it? The same person as last time, Lucius, said Dumbledore. But this time, Lord Voldemort was acting through somebody else. By means of this diary. He held up the small black book with the large hole through the center, watching Mr. Malfoy closely. Harry, however, was watching Dobby. The elf was doing something very odd. His great eyes fixed meaningfully on Harry, he kept pointing at the diary, then at Mr. Malfoy, and then hitting himself hard on the head with his fist. I see said Mr. Malfoy slowly to Dumbledore. A clever plan, said Dumbledore in a level voice, still staring Mr. Malfoy straight in the eye. Because if P a g e 373 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry here Mr. Malfoy shot Harry a swift, sharp look and his friend Ron hadnt discovered this book, why Ginny Weasley might have taken all the blame. No one would ever have been able to prove she hadnt acted of her own free will. Mr. Malfoy said nothing. His face was suddenly masklike. And imagine, Dumbledore went on, what might have happened then. The Weasleys are one of our most prominent pureblood families. Imagine the effect on Arthur Weasley and his Muggle Protection Act, if his own daughter was discovered attacking and killing Muggleborns. Very fortunate the diary was discovered, and Riddles memories wiped from it. Who knows what the consequences might have been otherwise. Mr. Malfoy forced himself to speak. Very fortunate, he said stiffly.