Oh, dont, she wailed every time Fred asked Harry loudly who he was planning to attack next, or when George pretended to ward Harry off with a large clove of garlic when they met. Harry didnt mind it made him feel better that Fred and George, at least, thought the idea of his being Slytherins heir was quite ludicrous. But their antics seemed to be aggravating Draco Malfoy, who looked increasingly sour each time he saw them at it. P a g e 234 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Its because hes bursting to say its really him, said Ron knowingly. You know how he hates anyone beating him at anything, and youre getting all the credit for his dirty work. Not for long, said Hermione in a satisfied tone. The Polyjuice Potions nearly ready. Well be getting the truth out of him any day now. At last the term ended, and a silence deep as the snow on the grounds descended on the castle. Harry found it peaceful, rather than gloomy, and enjoyed the fact that he, Hermione, and the Weasleys had the run of Gryffindor Tower, which meant they could play Exploding Snap loudly without bothering anyone, and practice dueling in private. Fred, George, and Ginny had chosen to stay at school rather than visit Bill in Egypt with Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. Percy, who disapproved of what he termed their childish behavior, didnt spend much time in the Gryffindor common room. He had already told them pompously that he was only staying over Christmas because it was his duty as a prefect to support the teachers during this troubled time. Christmas morning dawned, cold and white. Harry and Ron, the only ones left in their dormitory, were woken very early by Hermione, who burst in, fully dressed and carrying presents for them both. Wake up, she said loudly, pulling back the curtains at the window. Hermione youre not supposed to be in here said Ron, shielding his eyes against the light. Merry Christmas to you, too, said Hermione, throwing him his present. Ive been up for nearly an P a g e 235 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling hour, adding more lacewings to the potion. Its ready. Harry sat up, suddenly wide awake. Are you sure? Positive, said Hermione, shirting Scabbers the rat so that she could sit down on the end of Rons four poster. If were going to do it, I say it should be tonight. At that moment, Hedwig swooped into the room, carrying a very small package in her beak. Hello, said Harry happily as she landed on his bed. Are you speaking to me again? She nibbled his ear in an affectionate sort of way, which was a far better present than the one that she had brought him, which turned out to be from the Dursleys.