Weasley was facing an inquiry at work. After all Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had done for him over the summer But he had no time to dwell on this Professor McGonagall was moving along the Gryffindor table, handing out course schedules. Harry took his and saw that they had double Herbology with the Hufflepuffs first. Harry, Ron, and Hermione left the castle together, crossed the vegetable patch, and made for the greenhouses, where the magical plants were kept. At least the Howler had done one good thing Hermione seemed to think they had now been punished enough and was being perfectly friendly again. As they neared the greenhouses they saw the rest of the class standing outside, waiting for Professor Sprout. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had only just joined them when she came striding into view across the lawn, accompanied by Gilderoy Lockhart. Professor Sprouts arms were full of bandages, and P a g e 99 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling with another twinge of guilt, Harry spotted the Whomping Willow in the distance, several of its branches now in slings. Professor Sprout was a squat little witch who wore a patched hat over her flyaway hair there was usually a large amount of earth on her clothes and her fingernails would have made Aunt Petunia faint. Gilderoy Lockhart, however, was immaculate in sweeping robes of turquoise, his golden hair shining under a perfectly positioned turquoise hat with gold trimming. Oh, hello there! he called, beaming around at the assembled students. Just been showing Professor Sprout the right way to doctor a Whomping Willow! But I dont want you running away with the idea that Im better at Herbology than she is! I just happen to have met several of these exotic plants on my travels Greenhouse three today, chaps! said Professor Sprout, who was looking distinctly disgruntled, not at all her usual cheerful self. There was a murmur of interest. They had only ever worked in greenhouse one before greenhouse three housed far more interesting and dangerous plants. Professor Sprout took a large key from her belt and unlocked the door. Harry caught a whiff of damp earth and fertilizer mingling with the heavy perfume of some giant, umbrellasized flowers dangling from the ceiling. He was about to follow Ron and Hermione inside when Lockharts hand shot out. Harry! Ive been wanting a word you dont mind if hes a couple of minutes late, do you, Professor Sprout? P a g e 100 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Judging by Professor Sprouts scowl, she did mind, but Lockhart said, Thats the ticket, and closed the greenhouse door in her face. Harry, said Lockhart, his large white teeth gleaming in the sunlight as he shook his head. Harry, Harry, Harry. Completely nonplussed, Harry said nothing. When I heard well, of course, it was all my fault. Could have kicked myself. Harry had no idea what he was talking about.