Nearly Headless Nick stopped in his tracks and Harry walked right through him. He wished he hadnt it was like stepping through an icy shower. But there is something you could do for me, said Nick excitedly. Harry would I be asking too much but no, you wouldnt want What is it? said Harry. Well, this Halloween will be my five hundredth deathday, said Nearly Headless Nick, drawing himself up and looking dignified. Oh, said Harry, not sure whether he should look sorry or happy about this. Right. Im holding a party down in one of the roomier dungeons. Friends will be coming from all over the country. It would be such an honor if you would attend. Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger would be most welcome, too, of course but I daresay youd rather go to the school feast? He watched Harry on tenterhooks. No, said Harry quickly, Ill come My dear boy! Harry Potter, at my deathday party! And he hesitated, looking excited do you think you could possibly mention to Sir Patrick how very frightening and impressive you find me? Of of course, said Harry. Nearly Headless Nick beamed at him. P a g e 144 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling A deathday party? said Hermione keenly when Harry had changed at last and joined her and Ron in the common room. I bet there arent many living people who can say theyve been to one of those itll be fascinating! Why would anyone want to celebrate the day they died? said Ron, who was halfway through his Potions homework and grumpy. Sounds dead depressing to me. Rain was still lashing the windows, which were now inky black, but inside all looked bright and cheerful. The firelight glowed over the countless squashy armchairs where people sat reading, talking, doing homework or, in the case of Fred and George Weasley, trying to find out what would happen if you fed a Filibuster firework to a salamander. Fred had rescued the brilliant orange, firedwelling lizard from a Care of Magical Creatures class and it was now smoldering gently on a table surrounded by a knot of curious people. Harry was at the point of telling Ron and Hermione about Filch and the Kwikspell course when the salamander suddenly whizzed into the air, emitting loud sparks and bangs as it whirled wildly round the room. The sight of Percy bellowing himself hoarse at Fred and George, the spectacular display of tangerine stars showering from the salamanders mouth, and its escape into the fire, with accompanying explosions, drove both Filch and the Kwikspell envelope from Harrys mind. By the time Halloween arrived, Harry was regretting his rash promise to go to the deathday party. The rest of the school was happily anticipating their Halloween feast the Great Hall had been decorated with the usual live bats, Hagrids vast pumpkins had been P a g e 145 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K.