Ron and Hermione came hurrying over to wish Harry good luck as he entered the locker rooms. The team pulled on their scarlet Gryffindor robes, then sat down to listen to Woods usual pre match pep talk. Slytherin has better brooms than us, he began. No point denying it. But weve got better people on our brooms. Weve trained harder than they have, weve been flying in all weathers Too true, muttered George Weasley. I havent been properly dry since August and were going to make them rue the day they let that little bit of slime, Malfoy, buy his way onto their team. Chest heaving with emotion, Wood turned to Harry. Itll be down to you, Harry, to show them that a Seeker has to have something more than a rich father. Get to that Snitch before Malfoy or die trying, Harry, because weve got to win today, weve got to. So no pressure, Harry, said Fred, winking at him. As they walked out onto the field, a roar of noise greeted them mainly cheers, because Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were anxious to see Slytherin beaten, but the Slytherins in the crowd made their boos and hisses heard, too. Madam Hooch, the Quidditch P a g e 186 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling teacher, asked Flint and Wood to shake hands, which they did, giving each other threatening stares and gripping rather harder than was necessary. On my whistle, said Madam Hooch. Three two one With a roar from the crowd to speed them upward, the fourteen players rose toward the leaden sky. Harry flew higher than any of them, squinting around for the Snitch. All right there, Scarhead? yelled Malfoy, shooting underneath him as though to show off the speed of his broom. Harry had no time to reply. At that very moment, a heavy black Bludger came pelting toward him he avoided it so narrowly that he felt it ruffle his hair as it passed. Close one, Harry! said George, streaking past him with his club in his hand, ready to knock the Bludger back toward a Slytherin. Harry saw George give the Bludger a powerful whack in the direction of Adrian Pucey, but the Bludger changed direction in midair and shot straight for Harry again. Harry dropped quickly to avoid it, and George managed to hit it hard toward Malfoy. Once again, the Bludger swerved like a boomerang and shot at Harrys head. Harry put on a burst of speed and zoomed toward the other end of the field. He could hear the Bludger whistling along behind him. What was going on? Bludgers never concentrated on one player like this it was their job to try and unseat as many people as possible. P a g e 187 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Fred Weasley was waiting for the Bludger at the other end.