and a tiny light appeared at the end of it, just enough to let them watch the path for signs of spiders. Good thinking, said Ron. Id light mine, too, but you know itd probably blow up or something. P a g e 302 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry tapped Ron on the shoulder, pointing at the grass. Two solitary spiders were hurrying away from the wandlight into the shade of the trees. Okay, Ron sighed as though resigned to the worst, Im ready. Lets go. So, with Fang scampering around them, sniffing tree roots and leaves, they entered the forest. By the glow of Harrys wand, they followed the steady trickle of spiders moving along the path. They walked behind them for about twenty minutes, not speaking, listening hard for noises other than breaking twigs and rustling leaves. Then, when the trees had become thicker than ever, so that the stars overhead were no longer visible, and Harrys wand shone alone in the sea of dark, they saw their spider guides leaving the path. Harry paused, trying to see where the spiders were going, but everything outside his little sphere of light was pitchblack. He had never been this deep into the forest before. He could vividly remember Hagrid advising him not to leave the forest path last time hed been in here. But Hagrid was miles away now, probably sitting in a cell in Azkaban, and he had also said to follow the spiders. Something wet touched Harrys hand and he jumped backward, crushing Rons foot, but it was only Fangs nose. What dyou reckon? Harry said to Ron, whose eyes he could just make out, reflecting the light from his wand. Weve come this far, said Ron. P a g e 303 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling So they followed the darting shadows of the spiders into the trees. They couldnt move very quickly now there were tree roots and stumps in their way, barely visible in the near blackness. Harry could feel Fangs hot breath on his hand. More than once, they had to stop, so that Harry could crouch down and find the spiders in the wandlight. They walked for what seemed like at least half an hour, their robes snagging on lowslung branches and brambles. After a while, they noticed that the ground seemed to be sloping downward, though the trees were as thick as ever. Then Fang suddenly let loose a great, echoing bark, making both Harry and Ron jump out of their skins. What? said Ron loudly, looking around into the pitchdark, and gripping Harrys elbow very hard. Theres something moving over there, Harry breathed. Listen sounds like something big. They listened. Some distance to their right, the something big was snapping branches as it carved a path through the trees. Oh, no, said Ron. Oh, no, oh, no, oh Shut up, said Harry frantically. Itll hear you. Hear me?