They approached it eagerly but next moment had stopped in their tracks, P a g e 147 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling horrified. The smell was quite disgusting. Large, rotten fish were laid on handsome silver platters cakes, burned charcoalblack, were heaped on salvers there was a great maggoty haggis, a slab of cheese covered in furry green mold and, in pride of place, an enormous gray cake in the shape of a tombstone, with tarlike icing forming the words, SIR NICHOLAS DE MIMSYPORPINGTON DIED 31ST OCTOBER, 1492 Harry watched, amazed, as a portly ghost approached the table, crouched low, and walked through it, his mouth held wide so that it passed through one of the stinking salmon. Can you taste it if you walk through it? Harry asked him. Almost, said the ghost sadly, and he drifted away. I expect theyve let it rot to give it a stronger flavor, said Hermione knowledgeably, pinching her nose and leaning closer to look at the putrid haggis. Can we move? I feel sick, said Ron. They had barely turned around, however, when a little man swooped suddenly from under the table and came to a halt in midair before them. Hello, Peeves, said Harry cautiously. Unlike the ghosts around them, Peeves the Poltergeist was the very reverse of pale and transparent. He was wearing a bright orange party hat, a revolving bow tie, and a broad grin on his wide, wicked face. P a g e 148 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Nibbles? he said sweetly, offering them a bowl of peanuts covered in fungus. No thanks, said Hermione. Heard you talking about poor Myrtle, said Peeves, his eyes dancing. Rude you was about poor Myrtle. He took a deep breath and bellowed, OY! MYRTLE! Oh, no, Peeves, dont tell her what I said, shell be really upset, Hermione whispered frantically. I didnt mean it, I dont mind her er, hello, Myrtle. The squat ghost of a girl had glided over. She had the glummest face Harry had ever seen, halfhidden behind lank hair and thick, pearly spectacles. What? she said sulkily. How are you, Myrtle? said Hermione in a falsely bright voice. Its nice to see you out of the toilet. Myrtle sniffed. Miss Granger was just talking about you said Peeves slyly in Myrtles ear. Just saying saying how nice you look tonight, said Hermione, glaring at Peeves. Myrtle eyed Hermione suspiciously. Youre making fun of me, she said, silver tears welling rapidly in her small, seethrough eyes. No honestly didnt I just say how nice Myrtles looking? said Hermione, nudging Harry and Ron painfully in the ribs. P a g e 149 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Oh, yeah She did Dont lie to me, Myrtle gasped, tears now flooding down her face, while Peeves chuckled happily over her shoulder. Dyou think I dont know what people call me behind my back? Fat Myrtle! Ugly Myrtle!