Professor Binns, who taught it, was their only ghost teacher, and the most exciting thing that ever happened in his classes was his entering the room through the blackboard. Ancient and shriveled, many people said he hadnt noticed he was dead. He had simply got up to teach one day and left his body behind him in an armchair in front of the staffroom fire his routine had not varied in the slightest since. Today was as boring as ever. Professor Binns opened his notes and began to read in a flat drone like an old vacuum cleaner until nearly everyone in the class was P a g e 165 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling in a deep stupor, occasionally coming to long enough to copy down a name or date, then falling asleep again. He had been speaking for half an hour when something happened that had never happened before. Hermione put up her hand. Professor Binns, glancing up in the middle of a deadly dull lecture on the International Warlock Convention of 1289, looked amazed. Miss er ? Granger, Professor. I was wondering if you could tell us anything about the Chamber of Secrets, said Hermione in a clear voice. Dean Thomas, who had been sitting with his mouth hanging open, gazing out of the window, jerked out of his trance Lavender Browns head came up off her arms and Neville Longbottoms elbow slipped off his desk. Professor Binns blinked. My subject is History of Magic, he said in his dry, wheezy voice. I deal with, facts, Miss Granger, not myths and legends. He cleared his throat with a small noise like chalk snapping and continued, In September of that year, a subcommittee of Sardinian sorcerers He stuttered to a halt. Hermiones hand was waving in the air again. Miss Grant? Please, sir, dont legends always have a basis in fact? P a g e 166 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Professor Binns was looking at her in such amazement, Harry was sure no student had ever interrupted him before, alive or dead. Well, said Professor Binns slowly, yes, one could argue that, I suppose. He peered at Hermione as though he had never seen a student properly before. However, the legend of which you speak is such a very sensational, even ludicrous tale But the whole class was now hanging on Professor Binnss every word. He looked dimly at them all, every face turned to his. Harry could tell he was completely thrown by such an unusual show of interest. Oh, very well, he said slowly. Let me see the Chamber of Secrets You all know, of course, that Hogwarts was founded over a thousand years ago the precise date is uncertain by the four greatest witches and wizards of the age. The four school Houses are named after them Godric Gryffindor, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and Salazar Slytherin.