It was still right below them, winding its way past a snowcapped mountain. It was much darker beneath the canopy of clouds. Ron put his foot on the accelerator and drove them upward again, but as he did so, the engine began to whine. Harry and Ron exchanged nervous glances. Its probably just tired, said Ron. Its never been this far before. And they both pretended not to notice the whining growing louder and louder as the sky became steadily darker. Stars were blossoming in the blackness. Harry pulled his sweater back on, trying to ignore the way the windshield wipers were now waving feebly, as though in protest. Not far, said Ron, more to the car than to Harry, not far now, and he patted the dashboard nervously. When they flew back beneath the clouds a little while later, they had to squint through the darkness for a landmark they knew. There! Harry shouted, making Ron and Hedwig jump. Straight ahead! P a g e 81 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Silhouetted on the dark horizon, high on the cliff over the lake, stood the many turrets and towers of Hogwarts castle. But the car had begun to shudder and was losing speed. Come on, Ron said cajolingly, giving the steering wheel a little shake, nearly there, come on The engine groaned. Narrow jets of steam were issuing from under the hood. Harry found himself gripping the edges of his seat very hard as they flew toward the lake. The car gave a nasty wobble. Glancing out of his window, Harry saw the smooth, black, glassy surface of the water, a mile below. Rons knuckles were white on the steering wheel. The car wobbled again. Come on, Ron muttered. They were over the lake the castle was right ahead Ron put his foot down. There was a loud clunk, a splutter, and the engine died completely. Uhoh, said Ron, into the silence. The nose of the car dropped. They were falling, gathering speed, heading straight for the solid castle wall. Noooooo! Ron yelled, swinging the steering wheel around they missed the dark stone wall by inches as the car turned in a great arc, soaring over the dark greenhouses, then the vegetable patch, and then out over the black lawns, losing altitude all the time. P a g e 82 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Ron let go of the steering wheel completely and pulled his wand out of his back pocket STOP! STOP! he yelled, whacking the dashboard and the windshield, but they were still plummeting, the ground flying up toward them WATCH OUT FOR THAT TREE! Harry bellowed, lunging for the steering wheel, but too late CRUNCH. With an earsplitting bang of metal on wood, they hit the thick tree trunk and dropped to the ground with a heavy jolt.