This was P a g e 270 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Hogwarts as Riddle had known it, meaning that this unknown wizard was headmaster, not Dumbledore, and he, Harry, was little more than a phantom, completely invisible to the people of fifty years ago. There was a knock on the office door. Enter, said the old wizard in a feeble voice. A boy of about sixteen entered, taking off his pointed hat. A silver prefects badge was glinting on his chest. He was much taller than Harry, but he, too, had jet black hair. Ah, Riddle, said the headmaster. You wanted to see me, Professor Dippet? said Riddle. He looked nervous. Sit down, said Dippet. Ive just been reading the letter you sent me. Oh, said Riddle. He sat down, gripping his hands together very tightly. My dear boy, said Dippet kindly, I cannot possibly let you stay at school over the summer. Surely you want to go home for the holidays? No, said Riddle at once. Id much rather stay at Hogwarts than go back to that to that You live in a Muggle orphanage during the holidays, I believe? said Dippet curiously. Yes, sir, said Riddle, reddening slightly. You are Muggleborn? P a g e 271 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Halfblood, sir, said Riddle. Muggle father, witch mother. And are both your parents ? My mother died just after I was born, sir. They told me at the orphanage she lived just long enough to name me Tom after my father, Marvolo after my grandfather. Dippet clucked his tongue sympathetically. The thing is, Tom, he sighed, special arrangements might have been made for you, but in the current circumstances. You mean all these attacks, sir? said Riddle, and Harrys heart leapt, and he moved closer, scared of missing anything. Precisely, said the headmaster. My dear boy, you must see how foolish it would be of me to allow you to remain at the castle when term ends. Particularly in light of the recent tragedy the death of that poor little girl. You will be safer by far at your orphanage. As a matter of fact, the Ministry of Magic is even now talking about closing the school. We are no nearer locating the er source of all this unpleasantness. Riddles eyes had widened. Sir if the person was caught if it all stopped What do you mean? said Dippet with a squeak in his voice, sitting up in his chair. Riddle, do you mean you know something about these attacks? No, sir, said Riddle quickly. P a g e 272 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling But Harry was sure it was the same sort of no that he himself had given Dumbledore. Dippet sank back, looking faintly disappointed. You may go, Tom. Riddle slid off his chair and slouched out of the room. Harry followed him.