They rose upward in circles, higher and higher, until at last, slightly dizzy, Harry saw a gleaming oak door ahead, with a brass knocker in the shape of a griffin. P a g e 227 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling He knew now where he was being taken. This must be where Dumbledore lived. P a g e 228 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling THE POLYJUICE POTION They stepped off the stone staircase at the top, and Professor McGonagall rapped on the door. It opened silently and they entered. Professor McGonagall told Harry to wait and left him there, alone. Harry looked around. One thing was certain of all the teachers offices Harry had visited so far this year, Dumbledores was by far the most interesting. If he hadnt been scared out of his wits that he was about to be thrown out of school, he would have been very pleased to have a chance to look around it. It was a large and beautiful circular room, full of funny little noises. A number of curious silver instruments stood on spindlelegged tables, whirring and emitting little puffs of smoke. The walls were covered with portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses, all of whom were snoozing gently in their frames. There was also an enormous, claw footed desk, and, sitting on a shelf behind it, a shabby, tattered wizards hat the Sorting Hat. P a g e 229 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry hesitated. He cast a wary eye around the sleeping witches and wizards on the walls. Surely it couldnt hurt if he took the hat down and tried it on again? Just to see just to make sure it had put him in the right House He walked quietly around the desk, lifted the hat from its shelf, and lowered it slowly onto his head. It was much too large and slipped down over his eyes, just as it had done the last time hed put it on. Harry stared at the black inside of the hat, waiting. Then a small voice said in his ear, Bee in your bonnet, Harry Potter? Er, yes, Harry muttered. Er sorry to bother you I wanted to ask Youve been wondering whether I put you in the right House, said the hat smartly. Yes you were particularly difficult to place. But I stand by what I said before Harrys heart leapt you would have done well in Slytherin Harrys stomach plummeted. He grabbed the point of the hat and pulled it off. It hung limply in his hand, grubby and faded. Harry pushed it back onto its shelf, feeling sick. Youre wrong, he said aloud to the still and silent hat. It didnt move. Harry backed away, watching it. Then a strange, gagging noise behind him made him wheel around. He wasnt alone after all.