Youve got a new Seeker? said Wood, distracted. Where? And from behind the six large figures before them came a seventh, smaller boy, smirking all over his pale, pointed face. It was Draco Malfoy. Arent you Lucius Malfoys son? said Fred, looking at Malfoy with dislike. Funny you should mention Dracos father, said Flint as the whole Slytherin team smiled still more broadly. P a g e 123 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Let me show you the generous gift hes made to the Slytherin team. All seven of them held out their broomsticks. Seven highly polished, brandnew handles and seven sets of fine gold lettering spelling the words Nimbus Two Thousand and One gleamed under the Gryffindors noses in the early morning sun. Very latest model. Only came out last month, said Flint carelessly, flicking a speck of dust from the end of his own. I believe it outstrips the old Two Thousand series by a considerable amount. As for the old Cleansweeps he smiled nastily at Fred and George, who were both clutching Cleansweep Fives sweeps the board with them. None of the Gryffindor team could think of anything to say for a moment. Malfoy was smirking so broadly his cold eyes were reduced to slits. Oh, look, said Flint. A field invasion. Ron and Hermione were crossing the grass to see what was going on. Whats happening? Ron asked Harry. Why arent you playing? And whats he doing here? He was looking at Malfoy, taking in his Slytherin Quidditch robes. Im the new Slytherin Seeker, Weasley, said Malfoy, smugly. Everyones just been admiring the brooms my fathers bought our team. Ron gaped, openmouthed, at the seven superb broomsticks in front of him. P a g e 124 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Good, arent they? said Malfoy smoothly. But perhaps the Gryffindor team will be able to raise some gold and get new brooms, too. You could raffle off those Cleansweep Fives I expect a museum would bid for them. The Slytherin team howled with laughter. At least no one on the Gryffindor team had to buy their way in, said Hermione sharply. They got in on pure talent. The smug look on Malfoys face flickered. No one asked your opinion, you filthy little Mudblood, he spat. Harry knew at once that Malfoy had said something really bad because there was an instant uproar at his words. Flint had to dive in front of Malfoy to stop Fred and George jumping on him, Alicia shrieked, How dare you!, and Ron plunged his hand into his robes, pulled out his wand, yelling, Youll pay for that one, Malfoy! and pointed it furiously under Flints arm at Malfoys face. A loud bang echoed around the stadium and a jet of green light shot out of the wrong end of Rons wand, hitting him in the stomach and sending him reeling backward onto the grass. Ron! Ron! Are you all right? squealed Hermione.