A great flood of water stretched over half the corridor, and it looked as though it was still seeping from under the door of Moaning Myrtles bathroom. Now that Filch had stopped shouting, they could hear Myrtles wails echoing off the bathroom walls. Now whats up with her? said Ron. Lets go and see, said Harry, and holding their robes over their ankles they stepped through the great wash of water to the door bearing its OUT OF ORDER sign, ignored it as always, and entered. Moaning Myrtle was crying, if possible, louder and harder than ever before. She seemed to be hiding P a g e 255 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling down her usual toilet. It was dark in the bathroom because the candles had been extinguished in the great rush of water that had left both walls and floor soaking wet. Whats up, Myrtle? said Harry. Whos that? glugged Myrtle miserably. Come to throw something else at me? Harry waded across to her stall and said, Why would I throw something at you? Dont ask me, Myrtle shouted, emerging with a wave of yet more water, which splashed onto the already sopping floor. Here I am, minding my own business, and someone thinks its funny to throw a book at me. But it cant hurt you if someone throws something at you, said Harry, reasonably. I mean, itd just go right through you, wouldnt it? He had said the wrong thing. Myrtle puffed herself up and shrieked, Lets all throw books at Myrtle, because she cant feel it! Ten points if you can get it through her stomach! Fifty points if it goes through her head! Well, ha, ha, ha! What a lovely game, I dont think! Who threw it at you, anyway? asked Harry. I dont know. I was just sitting in the Ubend, thinking about death, and it fell right through the top of my head, said Myrtle, glaring at them. Its over there, it got washed out. Harry and Ron looked under the sink where Myrtle was pointing. A small, thin book lay there. It had a P a g e 256 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling shabby black cover and was as wet as everything else in the bathroom. Harry stepped forward to pick it up, but Ron suddenly flung out an arm to hold him back. What? said Harry. Are you crazy? said Ron. It could be dangerous. Dangerous? said Harry, laughing. Come off it, how could it be dangerous? Youd be surprised, said Ron, who was looking apprehensively at the book. Some of the books the Ministrys confiscated Dads told me there was one that burned your eyes out. And everyone who read Sonnets of a Sorcerer spoke in limericks for the rest of their lives. And some old witch in Bath had a book that you could never stop reading!