Rowling Far too late, Harry and Ron forced themselves to laugh, but Malfoy seemed satisfied perhaps Crabbe and Goyle were always slow on the uptake. Saint Potter, the Mudbloods friend, said Malfoy slowly. Hes another one with no proper wizard feeling, or he wouldnt go around with that jumpedup Granger Mudblood. And people think hes Slytherins heir! Harry and Ron waited with bated breath Malfoy was surely seconds away from telling them it was him but then I wish I knew who it is, said Malfoy petulantly. I could help them. Rons jaw dropped so that Crabbe looked even more clueless than usual. Fortunately, Malfoy didnt notice, and Harry, thinking fast, said, You must have some idea whos behind it all. You know I havent, Goyle, how many times do I have to tell you? snapped Malfoy. And Father wont tell me anything about the last time the Chamber was opened either. Of course, it was fifty years ago, so it was before his time, but he knows all about it, and he says that it was all kept quiet and itll look suspicious if I know too much about it. But I know one thing last time the Chamber of Secrets was opened, a Mudblood died. So I bet its a matter of time before one of thems killed this time. I hope its Granger, he said with relish. Ron was clenching Crabbes gigantic fists. Feeling that it would be a bit of a giveaway if Ron punched Malfoy, Harry shot him a warning look and said, Dyou know if the person who opened the Chamber last time was caught? P a g e 249 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Oh, yeah whoever it was was expelled, said Malfoy. Theyre probably still in Azkaban. Azkaban? said Harry, puzzled. Azkaban the wizard prison, Goyle, said Malfoy, looking at him in disbelief. Honestly, if you were any slower, youd be going backward. He shifted restlessly in his chair and said, Father says to keep my head down and let the Heir of Slytherin get on with it. He says the school needs ridding of all the Mudblood filth, but not to get mixed up in it. Of course, hes got a lot on his plate at the moment. You know the Ministry of Magic raided our manor last week? Harry tried to force Goyles dull face into a look of concern. Yeah said Malfoy. Luckily, they didnt find much. Fathers got some very valuable Dark Arts stuff. But luckily, weve got our own secret chamber under the drawingroom floor Ho! said Ron. Malfoy looked at him. So did Harry. Ron blushed. Even his hair was turning red. His nose was also slowly lengthening their hour was up, Ron was turning back into himself, and from the look of horror he was suddenly giving Harry, he must be, too. They both jumped to their feet.