This snake, which may reach gigantic size and live many hundreds of years, is born from a chickens egg, hatched beneath a toad. Its methods of killing are most wondrous, for aside from its deadly and venomous fangs, the Basilisk has a murderous stare, and all who are fixed with the beam of its eye shall suffer instant death. Spiders flee before the Basilisk, for it is their mortal enemy, and the Basilisk flees only from the crowing of the rooster, which is fatal to it. And beneath this, a single word had been written, in a hand Harry recognized as Hermiones. Pipes. It was as though somebody had just flicked a light on in his brain. Ron, he breathed. This is it. This is the answer. The monster in the Chambers a basilisk a giant serpent! Thats why Ive been hearing that voice all over the place, and nobody else has heard it. Its because I understand Parseltongue. Harry looked up at the beds around him. The basilisk kills people by looking at them. But no ones died because no one looked it straight in the eye. Colin saw it through his camera. The basilisk burned up all the film inside it, but Colin just got Petrified. Justin Justin mustve seen the basilisk through Nearly Headless Nick! Nick got the full blast P a g e 323 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling of it, but he couldnt die again and Hermione and that Ravenclaw prefect were found with a mirror next to them. Hermione had just realized the monster was a basilisk. I bet you anything she warned the first person she met to look around corners with a mirror first! And that girl pulled out her mirror and Rons jaw had dropped. And Mrs. Norris? he whispered eagerly. Harry thought hard, picturing the scene on the night of Halloween. The water he said slowly. The flood from Moaning Myrtles bathroom. I bet you Mrs. Norris only saw the reflection. He scanned the page in his hand eagerly. The more he looked at it, the more it made sense. The crowing of the rooster is fatal to it! he read aloud. Hagrids roosters were killed! The Heir of Slytherin didnt want one anywhere near the castle once the Chamber was opened! Spiders flee before it! It all fits! But hows the basilisk been getting around the place? said Ron. A giant snake Someone wouldve seen Harry, however, pointed at the word Hermione had scribbled at the foot of the page. Pipes, he said. Pipes Ron, its been using the plumbing. Ive been hearing that voice inside the walls. Ron suddenly grabbed Harrys arm. P a g e 324 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling The entrance to the Chamber of Secrets! he said hoarsely. What if its a bathroom? What if its in Moaning Myrtles bathroom, said Harry. They sat there, excitement coursing through them, hardly able to believe it.