You dont want to start any trouble or your mommyll have to come and take you away from school. He put on a shrill, piercing voice. If you put another toe out of line P a g e 108 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling A knot of Slytherin fifth years nearby laughed loudly at this. Weasley would like a signed photo, Potter, smirked Malfoy. Itd be worth more than his familys whole house Ron whipped out his Spellotaped wand, but Hermione shut Voyages with Vampires with a snap and whispered, Look out! Whats all this, whats all this? Gilderoy Lockhart was striding toward them, his turquoise robes swirling behind him. Whos giving out signed photos? Harry started to speak but he was cut short as Lockhart flung an arm around his shoulders and thundered jovially, Shouldnt have asked! We meet again, Harry! Pinned to Lockharts side and burning with humiliation, Harry saw Malfoy slide smirking back into the crowd. Come on then, Mr. Creevey, said Lockhart, beaming at Colin. A double portrait, cant do better than that, and well both sign it for you. Colin fumbled for his camera and took the picture as the bell rang behind them, signaling the start of afternoon classes. Off you go, move along there, Lockhart called to the crowd, and he set off back to the castle with Harry, who was wishing he knew a good Vanishing Spell, still clasped to his side. P a g e 109 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling A word to the wise, Harry, said Lockhart paternally as they entered the building through a side door. I covered up for you back there with young Creevey if he was photographing me, too, your schoolmates wont think youre setting yourself up so much. Deaf to Harrys stammers, Lockhart swept him down a corridor lined with staring students and up a staircase. Let me just say that handing out signed pictures at this stage of your career isnt sensible looks a tad bigheaded, Harry, to be frank. There may well come a time when, like me, youll need to keep a stack handy wherever you go, but he gave a little chortle I dont think youre quite there yet. They had reached Lockharts classroom and he let Harry go at last. Harry yanked his robes straight and headed for a seat at the very back of the class, where he busied himself with piling all seven of Lockharts books in front of him, so that he could avoid looking at the real thing. The rest of the class came clattering in, and Ron and Hermione sat down on either side of Harry. You couldve fried an egg on your face, said Ron. Youd better hope Creevey doesnt meet Ginny, or theyll be starting a Harry Potter fan club. Shut up, snapped Harry. The last thing he needed was for Lockhart to hear the phrase Harry Potter fan club.