He was about to say so when Lockhart went on, Dont know when Ive been more shocked. Flying a car to Hogwarts! Well, of course, I knew at once why youd done it. Stood out a mile. Harry, Harry, Harry. It was remarkable how he could show every one of those brilliant teeth even when he wasnt talking. Gave you a taste for publicity, didnt I? said Lockhart. Gave you the bug. You got onto the front page of the paper with me and you couldnt wait to do it again. Oh, no, Professor, see Harry, Harry, Harry, said Lockhart, reaching out and grasping his shoulder. I understand. Natural to want a bit more once youve had that first taste and I blame myself for giving you that, because it was bound to go to your head but see here, young man, you cant start flying cars to try and get yourself noticed. Just calm down, all right? Plenty of time for all that when youre older. Yes, yes, I know what youre thinking! Its all right for him, hes an internationally famous wizard already! But when I P a g e 101 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling was twelve, I was just as much of a nobody as you are now. In fact, Id say I was even more of a nobody! I mean, a few people have heard of you, havent they? All that business with HeWhoMustNotBeNamed! He glanced at the lightning scar on Harrys forehead. I know, I know its not quite as good as winning Witch Weeklys MostCharmingSmile Award five times in a row, as I have but its a start, Harry, its a start. He gave Harry a hearty wink and strode off. Harry stood stunned for a few seconds, then, remembering he was supposed to be in the greenhouse, he opened the door and slid inside. Professor Sprout was standing behind a trestle bench in the center of the greenhouse. About twenty pairs of differentcolored earmuffs were lying on the bench. When Harry had taken his place between Ron and Hermione, she said, Well be repotting Mandrakes today. Now, who can tell me the properties of the Mandrake? To nobodys surprise, Hermiones hand was first into the air. Mandrake, or Mandragora, is a powerful restorative, said Hermione, sounding as usual as though she had swallowed the textbook. It is used to return people who have been transfigured or cursed to their original state. Excellent. Ten points to Gryffindor, said Professor Sprout. The Mandrake forms an essential part of most antidotes. It is also, however, dangerous. Who can tell me why? Hermiones hand narrowly missed Harrys glasses as it shot up again. P a g e 102 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling The cry of the Mandrake is fatal to anyone who hears it, she said promptly. Precisely. Take another ten points, said Professor Sprout. Now, the Mandrakes we have here are still very young.