Steam was billowing from under the crumpled hood Hedwig was shrieking in terror a golfballsized lump was throbbing on Harrys head where he had hit the windshield and to his right, Ron let out a low, despairing groan. Are you okay? Harry said urgently. My wand, said Ron, in a shaky voice. Look at my wand It had snapped, almost in two the tip was dangling limply, held on by a few splinters. Harry opened his mouth to say he was sure theyd be able to mend it up at the school, but he never even got started. At that very moment, something hit his side of the car with the force of a charging bull, sending him lurching sideways into Ron, just as an equally heavy blow hit the roof. Whats happen ? Ron gasped, staring through the windshield, and Harry looked around just in time to see a branch as P a g e 83 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling thick as a python smash into it. The tree they had hit was attacking them. Its trunk was bent almost double, and its gnarled boughs were pummeling every inch of the car it could reach. Aaargh! said Ron as another twisted limb punched a large dent into his door the windshield was now trembling under a hail of blows from knucklelike twigs and a branch as thick as a battering ram was pounding furiously on the roof, which seemed to be caving Run for it! Ron shouted, throwing his full weight against his door, but next second he had been knocked backward into Harrys lap by a vicious uppercut from another branch. Were done for! he moaned as the ceiling sagged, but suddenly the floor of the car was vibrating the engine had restarted. Reverse! Harry yelled, and the car shot backward the tree was still trying to hit them they could hear its roots creaking as it almost ripped itself up, lashing out at them as they sped out of reach. That, panted Ron, was close. Well done, car The car, however, had reached the end of its tether. With two sharp clunks, the doors flew open and Harry felt his seat tip sideways Next thing he knew he was sprawled on the damp ground. Loud thuds told him that the car was ejecting their luggage from the trunk Hedwigs cage flew through the air and burst open she rose out of it with an angry screech and sped off toward the castle without a backward look. Then, dented, scratched, and steaming, the car rumbled off into the darkness, its rear lights blazing angrily. P a g e 84 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Come back! Ron yelled after it, brandishing his broken wand. Dadll kill me! But the car disappeared from view with one last snort from its exhaust. Can you believe our luck? said Ron miserably, bending down to pick up Scabbers.