As he and Neville pulled the blankets back onto his bed, Ron, Dean, and Seamus came in. Dean swore loudly. What happened, Harry? No idea, said Harry. But Ron was examining Harrys robes. All the pockets were hanging out. P a g e 281 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Someones been looking for something, said Ron. Is there anything missing? Harry started to pick up all his things and throw them into his trunk. It was only as he threw the last of the Lockhart books back into it that he realized what wasnt there. Riddles diarys gone, he said in an undertone to Ron. What? Harry jerked his head toward the dormitory door and Ron followed him out. They hurried down to the Gryffindor common room, which was halfempty, and joined Hermione, who was sitting alone, reading a book called Ancient Runes Made Easy. Hermione looked aghast at the news. But only a Gryffindor could have stolen nobody else knows our password Exactly, said Harry. They woke the next day to brilliant sunshine and a light, refreshing breeze. Perfect Quidditch conditions! said Wood enthusiastically at the Gryffindor table, loading the teams plates with scrambled eggs. Harry, buck up there, you need a decent breakfast. Harry had been staring down the packed Gryffindor table, wondering if the new owner of Riddles diary was right in front of his eyes. Hermione had been urging him to report the robbery, but Harry didnt like the idea. Hed have to tell a teacher all about the P a g e 282 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling diary, and how many people knew why Hagrid had been expelled fifty years ago? He didnt want to be the one who brought it all up again. As he left the Great Hall with Ron and Hermione to go and collect his Quidditch things, another very serious worry was added to Harrys growing list. He had just set foot on the marble staircase when he heard it yet again Kill this time let me rip tear He shouted aloud and Ron and Hermione both jumped away from him in alarm. The voice! said Harry, looking over his shoulder. I just heard it again didnt you? Ron shook his head, wideeyed. Hermione, however, clapped a hand to her forehead. Harry I think Ive just understood something! Ive got to go to the library! And she sprinted away, up the stairs. What does she understand? said Harry distractedly, still looking around, trying to tell where the voice had come from. Loads more than I do, said Ron, shaking his head. But whys she got to go to the library? Because thats what Hermione does, said Ron, shrugging. When in doubt, go to the library. Harry stood, irresolute, trying to catch the voice again, but people were now emerging from the Great P a g e 283 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K.