I mean, nobody wishes more than I do that it had all been quick and clean, and my head had come off properly, I mean, it would have saved me a great deal of pain and ridicule. However Nearly Headless Nick shook his letter open and read furiously We can only accept huntsmen whose heads have parted company with their bodies. You will appreciate that it would be impossible otherwise for members to participate in hunt activities such as Horseback Head Juggling and Head Polo. It is with the greatest regret, therefore, that I must inform you that you do not fulfill our requirements. With very best wishes, Sir Patrick DelaneyPodmore. Fuming, Nearly Headless Nick stuffed the letter away. Half an inch of skin and sinew holding my neck on, Harry! Most people would think thats good and beheaded, but oh, no, its not enough for Sir Properly DecapitatedPodmore. Nearly Headless Nick took several deep breaths and then said, in a far calmer tone, So whats bothering you? Anything I can do? No, said Harry. Not unless you know where we can get seven free Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones for our match against Sly The rest of Harrys sentence was drowned out by a highpitched mewling from somewhere near his P a g e 138 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling ankles. He looked down and found himself gazing into a pair of lamplike yellow eyes. It was Mrs. Norris, the skeletal gray cat who was used by the caretaker, Argus Filch, as a sort of deputy in his endless battle against students. Youd better get out of here, Harry, said Nick quickly. Filch isnt in a good mood hes got the flu and some third years accidentally plastered frog brains all over the ceiling in dungeon five. Hes been cleaning all morning, and if he sees you dripping mud all over the place Right, said Harry, backing away from the accusing stare of Mrs. Norris, but not quickly enough. Drawn to the spot by the mysterious power that seemed to connect him with his foul cat, Argus Filch burst suddenly through a tapestry to Harrys right, wheezing and looking wildly about for the rule breaker. There was a thick tartan scarf bound around his head, and his nose was unusually purple. Filth! he shouted, his jowls aquiver, his eyes popping alarmingly as he pointed at the muddy puddle that had dripped from Harrys Quidditch robes. Mess and muck everywhere! Ive had enough of it, I tell you! Follow me, Potter! So Harry waved a gloomy goodbye to Nearly Headless Nick and followed Filch back downstairs, doubling the number of muddy footprints on the floor. Harry had never been inside Filchs office before it was a place most students avoided. The room was dingy and windowless, lit by a single oil lamp dangling from the low ceiling. A faint smell of fried fish lingered about the place.