Speak to me, Slytherin, greatest of the Hogwarts Four. Harry wheeled around to look up at the statue, Fawkes swaying on his shoulder. P a g e 353 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Slytherins gigantic stone face was moving. Horrorstruck, Harry saw his mouth opening, wider and wider, to make a huge black hole. And something was stirring inside the statues mouth. Something was slithering up from its depths. Harry backed away until he hit the dark Chamber wall, and as he shut his eyes tight he felt Fawkes wing sweep his cheek as he took flight. Harry wanted to shout, Dont leave me! but what chance did a phoenix have against the king of serpents? Something huge hit the stone floor of the Chamber. Harry felt it shudder he knew what was happening, he could sense it, could almost see the giant serpent uncoiling itself from Slytherins mouth. Then he heard Riddles hissing voice Kill him. The basilisk was moving toward Harry he could hear its heavy body slithering heavily across the dusty floor. Eyes still tightly shut, Harry began to run blindly sideways, his hands outstretched, feeling his way Voldemort was laughing Harry tripped. He fell hard onto the stone and tasted blood the serpent was barely feet from him, he could hear it coming There was a loud, explosive spitting sound right above him, and then something heavy hit Harry so hard that he was smashed into the wall. Waiting for fangs to sink through his body he heard more mad hissing, something thrashing wildly off the pillars He couldnt help it he opened his eyes wide enough to squint at what was going on. P a g e 354 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling The enormous serpent, bright, poisonous green, thick as an oak trunk, had raised itself high in the air and its great blunt head was weaving drunkenly between the pillars. As Harry trembled, ready to close his eyes if it turned, he saw what had distracted the snake. Fawkes was soaring around its head, and the basilisk was snapping furiously at him with fangs long and thin as sabers Fawkes dived. His long golden beak sank out of sight and a sudden shower of dark blood spattered the floor. The snakes tail thrashed, narrowly missing Harry, and before Harry could shut his eyes, it turned Harry looked straight into its face and saw that its eyes, both its great, bulbous yellow eyes, had been punctured by the phoenix blood was streaming to the floor, and the snake was spitting in agony. NO! Harry heard Riddle screaming. LEAVE THE BIRD! LEAVE THE BIRD! THE BOY IS BEHIND YOU! YOU CAN STILL SMELL HIM! KILL HIM! The blinded serpent swayed, confused, still deadly. Fawkes was circling its head, piping his eerie song, jabbing here and there at its scaly nose as the blood poured from its ruined eyes.