I dont know how long itll take Mum and Dad to get back to us. They looked around. People were still watching them, mainly because of Hedwigs continuing screeches. I think wed better go and wait by the car, said Harry. Were attracting too much atten Harry! said Ron, his eyes gleaming. The car! What about it? We can fly the car to Hogwarts! But I thought Were stuck, right? And weve got to get to school, havent we? And even underage wizards are allowed to use magic if its a real emergency, section nineteen or something of the Restriction of Thingy But your mum and dad said Harry, pushing against the barrier again in the vain hope that it would give way. How will they get home? P a g e 77 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling They dont need the car! said Ron impatiently. They know how to Apparate! You know, just vanish and reappear at home! They only bother with Floo powder and the car because were all underage and were not allowed to Apparate yet. Harrys feeling of panic turned suddenly to excitement. Can you fly it? No problem, said Ron, wheeling his trolley around to face the exit. Cmon, lets go. If we hurry well be able to follow the Hogwarts Express And they marched off through the crowd of curious Muggles, out of the station and back onto the side road where the old Ford Anglia was parked. Ron unlocked the cavernous trunk with a series of taps from his wand. They heaved their luggage back in, put Hedwig on the back seat, and got into the front. Check that no ones watching, said Ron, starting the ignition with another tap of his wand. Harry stuck his head out of the window Traffic was rumbling along the main road ahead, but their street was empty. Okay, he said. Ron pressed a tiny silver button on the dashboard. The car around them vanished and so did they. Harry could feel the seat vibrating beneath him, hear the engine, feel his hands on his knees and his glasses on his nose, but for all he could see, he had become a pair of eyeballs, floating a few feet above the ground in a dingy street full of parked cars. P a g e 78 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Lets go, said Rons voice from his right. And the ground and the dirty buildings on either side fell away, dropping out of sight as the car rose in seconds, the whole of London lay, smoky and glittering, below them. Then there was a popping noise and the car, Harry, and Ron reappeared. Uhoh, said Ron, jabbing at the Invisibility Booster. Its faulty Both of them pummeled it. The car vanished. Then it flickered back again. Hold on!