Well, I don blame yeh fer tryin ter curse him, Ron, said Hagrid loudly over the thuds of more slugs hitting the basin. Bu maybe it was a good thing yer wand backfired. Spect Lucius Malfoy wouldve come marchin up ter school if yehd cursed his son. Least yer not in trouble. Harry would have pointed out that trouble didnt come much worse than having slugs pouring out of your mouth, but he couldnt Hagrids treacle toffee had cemented his jaws together. Harry, said Hagrid abruptly as though struck by a sudden thought. Gotta bone ter pick with yeh. Ive heard youve bin givin out signed photos. How come I havent got one? P a g e 129 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Furious, Harry wrenched his teeth apart. I have not been giving out signed photos, he said hotly. If Lockharts still spreading that around But then he saw that Hagrid was laughing. Im ony jokin, he said, patting Harry genially on the back and sending him face first into the table. I knew yeh hadnt really. I told Lockhart yeh didn need teh. Yer more famous than him without tryin. Bet he didnt like that, said Harry, sitting up and rubbing his chin. Don think he did, said Hagrid, his eyes twinkling. An then I told him Id never read one o his books an he decided ter go. Treacle toffee, Ron? he added as Ron reappeared. No thanks, said Ron weakly. Better not risk it. Come an see what Ive bin growin, said Hagrid as Harry and Hermione finished the last of their tea. In the small vegetable patch behind Hagrids house were a dozen of the largest pumpkins Harry had ever seen. Each was the size of a large boulder. Gettin on well, arent they? said Hagrid happily. Fer the Halloween feast should be big enough by then. Whatve you been feeding them? said Harry. Hagrid looked over his shoulder to check that they were alone. P a g e 130 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Well, Ive bin givin them you know a bit o help Harry noticed Hagrids flowery pink umbrella leaning against the back wall of the cabin. Harry had had reason to believe before now that this umbrella was not all it looked in fact, he had the strong impression that Hagrids old school wand was concealed inside it. Hagrid wasnt supposed to use magic. He had been expelled from Hogwarts in his third year, but Harry had never found out why any mention of the matter and Hagrid would clear his throat loudly and become mysteriously deaf until the subject was changed. An Engorgement Charm, I suppose? said Hermione, halfway between disapproval and amusement. Well, youve done a good job on them. Thats what yer little sister said, said Hagrid, nodding at Ron. Met her jus yesterday. Hagrid looked sideways at Harry, his beard twitching.