Wed be breaking about fifty school rules, I expect If, in a month or so, you feel like explaining, you will let us know, wont you? said Ron irritably. All right, said Hermione coldly. What wed need to do is to get inside the Slytherin common room and ask Malfoy a few questions without him realizing its us. But thats impossible, Harry said as Ron laughed. No, its not, said Hermione. All wed need would be some Polyjuice Potion. Whats that? said Ron and Harry together. Snape mentioned it in class a few weeks ago Dyou think weve got nothing better to do in Potions than listen to Snape? muttered Ron. It transforms you into somebody else. Think about it! We could change into three of the Slytherins. No one would know it was us. Malfoy would probably tell us anything. Hes probably boasting about it in the Slytherin common room right now, if only we could hear him. This Polyjuice stuff sounds a bit dodgy to me, said Ron, frowning. What if we were stuck looking like three of the Slytherins forever? It wears off after a while, said Hermione, waving her hand impatiently. But getting hold of the recipe will P a g e 178 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling be very difficult. Snape said it was in a book called Moste Potente Potions and its bound to be in the Restricted Section of the library. There was only one way to get out a book from the Restricted Section You needed a signed note of permission from a teacher. Hard to see why wed want the book, really, said Ron, if we werent going to try and make one of the potions. I think, said Hermione, that if we made it sound as though we were just interested in the theory, we might stand a chance. Oh, come on, no teachers going to fall for that, said Ron. Theyd have to be really thick. P a g e 179 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling THE ROGUE BLUDGER Since the disastrous episode of the pixies, Professor Lockhart had not brought live creatures to class. Instead, he read passages from his books to them, and sometimes reenacted some of the more dramatic bits. He usually picked Harry to help him with these reconstructions so far, Harry had been forced to play a simple Transylvanian villager whom Lockhart had cured of a Babbling Curse, a yeti with a head cold, and a vampire who had been unable to eat anything except lettuce since Lockhart had dealt with him. Harry was hauled to the front of the class during their very next Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson, this time acting a werewolf. If he hadnt had a very good reason for keeping Lockhart in a good mood, he would have refused to do it.