He tried to point this out to Ron, but Ron was having trouble with his wand again large purple bubbles were blossoming out of the end, and he wasnt much interested in anything else. Harry went to bed before anyone else in his dormitory that night. This was partly because he didnt think he could stand Fred and George singing, His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad one more time, and partly because he wanted to examine Riddles diary again, and knew that Ron thought he was wasting his time. Harry sat on his fourposter and flicked through the blank pages, not one of which had a trace of scarlet ink on it. Then he pulled a new bottle out of his bedside cabinet, dipped his quill into it, and dropped a blot onto the first page of the diary. The ink shone brightly on the paper for a second and then, as though it was being sucked into the page, vanished. Excited, Harry loaded up his quill a second time and wrote, My name is Harry Potter. The words shone momentarily on the page and they, too, sank without trace. Then, at last, something happened. Oozing back out of the page, in his very own ink, came words Harry had never written. P a g e 267 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Hello, Harry Potter. My name is Tom Riddle. How did you come by my diary? These words, too, faded away, but not before Harry had started to scribble back. Someone tried to flush it down a toilet. He waited eagerly for Riddles reply. Lucky that I recorded my memories in some more lasting way than ink. But I always knew that there would be those who would not want this diary read. What do you mean? Harry scrawled, blotting the page in his excitement. I mean that this diary holds memories of terrible things. Things that were covered up. Things that happened at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Thats where I am now, Harry wrote quickly. Im at Hogwarts, and horrible stuffs been happening. Do you know anything about the Chamber of Secrets? His heart was hammering. Riddles reply came quickly, his writing becoming untidier, as though he was hurrying to tell all he knew. Of course I know about the Chamber of Secrets. In my day, they told us it was a legend, that it did not exist. But this was a lie. In my fifth year, the Chamber was opened and the monster attacked several students, finally killing one. I caught the person whod opened the Chamber and he was expelled. But the headmaster, Professor Dippet, ashamed that such a thing had happened at Hogwarts, forbade me to tell the truth. A story was given out that the girl had died P a g e 268 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling in a freak accident.