roared Ron as one of the remaining pixies bit him painfully on the ear. He just wants to give us some handson experience, said Hermione, immobilizing two pixies at once with a P a g e 114 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling clever Freezing Charm and stuffing them back into their cage. Hands on? said Harry, who was trying to grab a pixie dancing out of reach with its tongue out. Hermione, he didnt have a clue what he was doing Rubbish, said Hermione. Youve read his books look at all those amazing things hes done He says hes done, Ron muttered. P a g e 115 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling MUDBLOODS AND MURMURS Harry spent a lot of time over the next few days dodging out of sight whenever he saw Gilderoy Lockhart coming down a corridor. Harder to avoid was Colin Creevey, who seemed to have memorized Harrys schedule. Nothing seemed to give Colin a bigger thrill than to say, All right, Harry? six or seven times a day and hear, Hello, Colin, back, however exasperated Harry sounded when he said it. Hedwig was still angry with Harry about the disasterous car journey and Rons wand was still malfunctioning, surpassing itself on Friday morning by shooting out of Rons hand in Charms and hitting tiny old Professor Flitwick squarely between the eyes, creating a large, throbbing green boil where it had struck. So with one thing and another, Harry was quite glad to reach the weekend. He, Ron, and Hermione were planning to visit Hagrid on Saturday morning. Harry, however, was shaken awake several hours earlier than he would have liked by Oliver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. P a g e 116 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Whassamatter? said Harry groggily. Quidditch practice! said Wood. Come on! Harry squinted at the window. There was a thin mist hanging across the pinkandgold sky. Now that he was awake, he couldnt understand how he could have slept through the racket the birds were making. Oliver, Harry croaked. Its the crack of dawn. Exactly, said Wood. He was a tall and burly sixth year and, at the moment, his eyes were gleaming with a crazed enthusiasm. Its part of our new training program. Come on, grab your broom, and lets go, said Wood heartily. None of the other teams have started training yet were going to be first off the mark this year Yawning and shivering slightly, Harry climbed out of bed and tried to find his Quidditch robes. Good man, said Wood. Meet you on the field in fifteen minutes. When hed found his scarlet team robes and pulled on his cloak for warmth, Harry scribbled a note to Ron explaining where hed gone and went down the spiral staircase to the common room, his Nimbus Two Thousand on his shoulder.