This means, said Harry, I cant be the only Parselmouth in the school. The Heir of Slytherins one, too. Thats how hes been controlling the basilisk. Whatre we going to do? said Ron, whose eyes were flashing. Should we go straight to McGonagall? Lets go to the staffroom, said Harry, jumping up. Shell be there in ten minutes. Its nearly break. They ran downstairs. Not wanting to be discovered hanging around in another corridor, they went straight into the deserted staffroom. It was a large, paneled room full of dark, wooden chairs. Harry and Ron paced around it, too excited to sit down. But the bell to signal break never came. Instead, echoing through the corridors came Professor McGonagalls voice, magically magnified. All students to return to their House dormitories at once. All teachers return to the staffroom. Immediately, please. Harry wheeled around to stare at Ron. Not another attack? Not now? P a g e 325 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Whatll we do? said Ron, aghast. Go back to the dormitory? No, said Harry, glancing around. There was an ugly sort of wardrobe to his left, full of the teachers cloaks. In here. Lets hear what its all about. Then we can tell them what weve found out. They hid themselves inside it, listening to the rumbling of hundreds of people moving overhead, and the staffroom door banging open. From between the musty folds of the cloaks, they watched the teachers filtering into the room. Some of them were looking puzzled, others downright scared. Then Professor McGonagall arrived. It has happened, she told the silent staffroom. A student has been taken by the monster. Right into the Chamber itself. Professor Flitwick let out a squeal. Professor Sprout clapped her hands over her mouth. Snape gripped the back of a chair very hard and said, How can you be sure? The Heir of Slytherin, said Professor McGonagall, who was very white, left another message. Right underneath the first one. Her skeleton will lie in the Chamber forever. Professor Flitwick burst into tears. Who is it? said Madam Hooch, who had sunk, weak kneed, into a chair. Which student? Ginny Weasley, said Professor McGonagall. Harry felt Ron slide silently down onto the wardrobe floor beside him. P a g e 326 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling We shall have to send all the students home tomorrow, said Professor McGonagall. This is the end of Hogwarts. Dumbledore always said The staffroom door banged open again. For one wild moment, Harry was sure it would be Dumbledore. But it was Lockhart, and he was beaming. So sorry dozed off what have I missed? He didnt seem to notice that the other teachers were looking at him with something remarkably like hatred. Snape stepped forward. Just the man, he said. The very man. A girl has been snatched by the monster, Lockhart. Taken into the Chamber of Secrets itself. Your moment has come at last.