They had sent Harry a toothpick and a note telling him to find out whether hed be able to stay at Hogwarts for the summer vacation, too. The rest of Harrys Christmas presents were far more satisfactory. Hagrid had sent him a large tin of treacle toffee, which Harry decided to soften by the fire before eating Ron had given him a book called Flying with the Cannons, a book of interesting facts about his favorite Quidditch team, and Hermione had bought him a luxury eaglefeather quill. Harry opened the last present to find a new, handknitted sweater from Mrs. Weasley and a large plum cake. He read her card with a fresh surge of guilt, thinking about Mr. Weasleys car which hadnt been seen since its crash with the Whomping Willow, and the bout of rule breaking he and Ron were planning next. P a g e 236 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling No one, not even someone dreading taking Polyjuice Potion later, could fail to enjoy Christmas dinner at Hogwarts. The Great Hall looked magnificent. Not only were there a dozen frostcovered Christmas trees and thick streamers of holly and mistletoe crisscrossing the ceiling, but enchanted snow was falling, warm and dry, from the ceiling. Dumbledore led them in a few of his favorite carols, Hagrid booming more and more loudly with every goblet of eggnog he consumed. Percy, who hadnt noticed that Fred had bewitched his prefect badge so that it now read Pinhead, kept asking them all what they were sniggering at. Harry didnt even care that Draco Malfoy was making loud, snide remarks about his new sweater from the Slytherin table. With a bit of luck, Malfoy would be getting his comeuppance in a few hours time. Harry and Ron had barely finished their third helpings of Christmas pudding when Hermione ushered them out of the hall to finalize their plans for the evening. We still need a bit of the people youre changing into, said Hermione matteroffactly, as though she were sending them to the supermarket for laundry detergent. And obviously, itll be best if you can get something of Crabbes and Goyles theyre Malfoys best friends, hell tell them anything. And we also need to make sure the real Crabbe and Goyle cant burst in on us while were interrogating him. Ive got it all worked out, she went on smoothly, ignoring Harrys and Rons stupefied faces. She held up two plump chocolate cakes. Ive filled these with a simple Sleeping Draught. All you have to do is make sure Crabbe and Goyle find them. You know how greedy they are, theyre bound to eat them. Once P a g e 237 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling theyre asleep, pull out a few of their hairs and hide them in a broom closet. Harry and Ron looked incredulously at each other.