Trying hard to bear all this in mind, Harry took a pinch of Floo powder and walked to the edge of the fire. He took a deep breath, scattered the powder into the flames, and stepped forward the fire felt like a warm breeze he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash. DDiagon Alley, he coughed. It felt as though he were being sucked down a giant drain. He seemed to be spinning very fast the roaring in his ears was deafening he tried to keep his eyes open but the whirl of green flames made him feel sick something hard knocked his elbow and he tucked it in tightly, still spinning and spinning now it felt as though cold hands were slapping his face squinting through his glasses he saw a blurred stream of fireplaces and snatched glimpses of the rooms beyond his bacon sandwiches were churning inside him he closed his eyes again wishing it would stop, and then He fell, face forward, onto cold stone and felt the bridge of his glasses snap. Dizzy and bruised, covered in soot, he got gingerly to his feet, holding his broken glasses up to his eyes. He was quite alone, but where he was, he had no idea. P a g e 55 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a large, dimly lit wizards shop but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list. A glass case nearby held a withered hand on a cushion, a bloodstained pack of cards, and a staring glass eye. Evillooking masks stared down from the walls, an assortment of human bones lay upon the counter, and rusty, spiked instruments hung from the ceiling. Even worse, the dark, narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon Alley. The sooner he got out of here, the better. Nose still stinging where it had hit the hearth, Harry made his way swiftly and silently toward the door, but before hed got halfway toward it, two people appeared on the other side of the glass and one of them was the very last person Harry wanted to meet when he was lost, covered in soot, and wearing broken glasses Draco Malfoy. Harry looked quickly around and spotted a large black cabinet to his left he shot inside it and pulled the doors closed, leaving a small crack to peer through. Seconds later, a bell clanged, and Malfoy stepped into the shop. The man who followed could only be Dracos father. He had the same pale, pointed face and identical cold, gray eyes. Mr. Malfoy crossed the shop, looking lazily at the items on display, and rang a bell on the counter before turning to his son and saying, Touch nothing, Draco.