Why, demanded Ron, seizing her schedule, have you outlined all Lockharts lessons in little hearts? P a g e 106 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Hermione snatched the schedule back, blushing furiously. They finished lunch and went outside into the overcast courtyard. Hermione sat down on a stone step and buried her nose in Voyages with Vampires again. Harry and Ron stood talking about Quidditch for several minutes before Harry became aware that he was being closely watched. Looking up, he saw the very small, mousyhaired boy hed seen trying on the Sorting Hat last night staring at Harry as though transfixed. He was clutching what looked like an ordinary Muggle camera, and the moment Harry looked at him, he went bright red. All right, Harry? Im Im Colin Creevey, he said breathlessly, taking a tentative step forward. Im in Gryffindor, too. Dyou think would it be all right if can I have a picture? he said, raising the camera hopefully. A picture? Harry repeated blankly. So I can prove Ive met you, said Colin Creevey eagerly, edging further forward. I know all about you. Everyones told me. About how you survived when YouKnowWho tried to kill you and how he disappeared and everything and how youve still got a lightning scar on your forehead his eyes raked Harrys hairline and a boy in my dormitory said if I develop the film in the right potion, the picturesll move. Colin drew a great shuddering breath of excitement and said, Its amazing here, isnt it? I never knew all the odd stuff I could do was magic till I got the letter from Hogwarts. My dads a milkman, he couldnt believe it either. So Im taking loads of pictures to send home to him. And itd be really good if I had one of you he looked imploringly at Harry P a g e 107 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling maybe your friend could take it and I could stand next to you? And then, could you sign it? Signed photos? Youre giving out signed photos, Potter? Loud and scathing, Draco Malfoys voice echoed around the courtyard. He had stopped right behind Colin, flanked, as he always was at Hogwarts, by his large and thuggish cronies, Crabbe and Goyle. Everyone line up! Malfoy roared to the crowd. Harry Potters giving out signed photos! No, Im not, said Harry angrily, his fists clenching. Shut up, Malfoy. Youre just jealous, piped up Colin, whose entire body was about as thick as Crabbes neck. Jealous? said Malfoy, who didnt need to shout anymore Half the courtyard was listening in. Of what? I dont want a foul scar right across my head, thanks. I dont think getting your head cut open makes you that special, myself. Crabbe and Goyle were sniggering stupidly. Eat slugs, Malfoy, said Ron angrily. Crabbe stopped laughing and started rubbing his knuckles in a menacing way. Be careful, Weasley, sneered Malfoy.