Thats a difficult curse to work at the best of times, but with a broken wand Hagrid was bustling around making them tea. His boarhound, Fang, was slobbering over Harry. What did Lockhart want with you, Hagrid? Harry asked, scratching Fangs ears. Givin me advice on gettin kelpies out of a well, growled Hagrid, moving a halfplucked rooster off his P a g e 127 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling scrubbed table and setting down the teapot. Like I don know. An bangin on about some banshee he banished. If one word of it was true, Ill eat my kettle. It was most unlike Hagrid to criticize a Hogwarts teacher, and Harry looked at him in surprise. Hermione, however, said in a voice somewhat higher than usual, I think youre being a bit unfair. Professor Dumbledore obviously thought he was the best man for the job He was the ony man for the job, said Hagrid, offering them a plate of treacle toffee, while Ron coughed squelchily into his basin. An I mean the ony one. Gettin very difficult ter find anyone fer the Dark Arts job. People arent too keen ter take it on, see. Theyre startin ter think its jinxed. No ones lasted long fer a while now. So tell me, said Hagrid, jerking his head at Ron. Who was he tryin ter curse? Malfoy called Hermione something it mustve been really bad, because everyone went wild. It was bad, said Ron hoarsely, emerging over the tabletop looking pale and sweaty. Malfoy called her Mudblood, Hagrid Ron dived out of sight again as a fresh wave of slugs made their appearance. Hagrid looked outraged. He didn! he growled at Hermione. He did, she said. But I dont know what it means. I could tell it was really rude, of course Its about the most insulting thing he could think of, gasped Ron, coming back up. Mudbloods a really foul name for someone who is Muggleborn you P a g e 128 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling know, nonmagic parents. There are some wizards like Malfoys family who think theyre better than everyone else because theyre what people call pure blood. He gave a small burp, and a single slug fell into his outstretched hand. He threw it into the basin and continued, I mean, the rest of us know it doesnt make any difference at all. Look at Neville Longbottom hes pureblood and he can hardly stand a cauldron the right way up. An they havent invented a spell our Hermione can do, said Hagrid proudly, making Hermione go a brilliant shade of magenta. Its a disgusting thing to call someone, said Ron, wiping his sweaty brow with a shaking hand. Dirty blood, see. Common blood. Its ridiculous. Most wizards these days are halfblood anyway. If we hadnt married Muggles wedve died out. He retched and ducked out of sight again.