Do you think its Malfoy, Harry? Ernie asked. No, said Harry, so firmly that Ernie and Hannah stared. A second later, Harry spotted something. Several large spiders were scuttling over the ground on the other side of the glass, moving in an P a g e 298 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling unnaturally straight line as though taking the shortest route to a prearranged meeting. Harry hit Ron over the hand with his pruning shears. Ouch! Whatre you Harry pointed out the spiders, following their progress with his eyes screwed up against the sun. Oh, yeah, said Ron, trying, and failing, to look pleased. But we cant follow them now Ernie and Hannah were listening curiously. Harrys eyes narrowed as he focused on the spiders. If they pursued their fixed course, there could be no doubt about where they would end up. Looks like theyre heading for the Forbidden Forest. And Ron looked even unhappier about that. At the end of the lesson Professor Sprout escorted the class to their Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. Harry and Ron lagged behind the others so they could talk out of earshot. Well have to use the Invisibility Cloak again, Harry told Ron. We can take Fang with us. Hes used to going into the forest with Hagrid, he might be some help. Right, said Ron, who was twirling his wand nervously in his fingers. Er arent there arent there supposed to be werewolves in the forest? he added as they took their usual places at the back of Lockharts classroom. P a g e 299 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Preferring not to answer that question, Harry said, There are good things in there, too. The centaurs are all right, and the unicorns Ron had never been into the Forbidden Forest before. Harry had entered it only once and had hoped never to do so again. Lockhart bounded into the room and the class stared at him. Every other teacher in the place was looking grimmer than usual, but Lockhart appeared nothing short of buoyant. Come now, he cried, beaming around him. Why all these long faces? People swapped exasperated looks, but nobody answered. Dont you people realize, said Lockhart, speaking slowly, as though they were all a bit dim, the danger has passed! The culprit has been taken away Says who? said Dean Thomas loudly. My dear young man, the Minister of Magic wouldnt have taken Hagrid if he hadnt been one hundred percent sure that he was guilty, said Lockhart, in the tone of someone explaining that one and one made two. Oh, yes he would, said Ron, even more loudly than Dean. I flatter myself I know a touch more about Hagrids arrest than you do, Mr. Weasley, said Lockhart in a selfsatisfied tone. P a g e 300 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K.