I do not think that Harry attacked those people. Oh, said Hagrid, the rooster falling limply at his side. Right. Ill wait outside then, Headmaster. P a g e 232 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling And he stomped out looking embarrassed. You dont think it was me, Professor? Harry repeated hopefully as Dumbledore brushed rooster feathers off his desk. No, Harry, I dont, said Dumbledore, though his face was somber again. But I still want to talk to you. Harry waited nervously while Dumbledore considered him, the tips of his long fingers together. I must ask you, Harry, whether there is anything youd like to tell me, he said gently. Anything at all. Harry didnt know what to say. He thought of Malfoy shouting, Youll be next, Mudbloods! and of the Polyjuice Potion simmering away in Moaning Myrtles bathroom. Then he thought of the disembodied voice he had heard twice and remembered what Ron had said Hearing voices no one else can hear isnt a good sign, even in the wizarding world. He thought, too, about what everyone was saying about him, and his growing dread that he was somehow connected with Salazar Slytherin. No, said Harry. There isnt anything, Professor. The double attack on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick turned what had hitherto been nervousness into real panic. Curiously, it was Nearly Headless Nicks fate that seemed to worry people most. What could possibly do that to a ghost? people asked each other what terrible power could harm someone who was already dead? There was almost a stampede to book seats on the Hogwarts Express so that students could go home for Christmas. P a g e 233 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling At this rate, well be the only ones left, Ron told Harry and Hermione. Us, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. What a jolly holiday its going to be. Crabbe and Goyle, who always did whatever Malfoy did, had signed up to stay over the holidays, too. But Harry was glad that most people were leaving. He was tired of people skirting around him in the corridors, as though he were about to sprout fangs or spit poison tired of all the muttering, pointing, and hissing as he passed. Fred and George, however, found all this very funny. They went out of their way to march ahead of Harry down the corridors, shouting, Make way for the Heir of Slytherin, seriously evil wizard coming through. Percy was deeply disapproving of this behavior. It is not a laughing matter, he said coldly. Oh, get out of the way, Percy, said Fred. Harrys in a hurry. Yeah, hes off to the Chamber of Secrets for a cup of tea with his fanged servant, said George, chortling. Ginny didnt find it amusing either.