Harry fretted about this next to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, while Ron and Hermione used their time off to play a game of wizard chess. For heavens sake, Harry, said Hermione, exasperated, as one of Rons bishops wrestled her knight off his horse and dragged him off the board. Go and find Justin if its so important to you. So Harry got up and left through the portrait hole, wondering where Justin might be. The castle was darker than it usually was in daytime because of the thick, swirling gray snow at every window. Shivering, Harry walked past classrooms where lessons were taking place, catching snatches of what was happening within. Professor McGonagall was shouting at someone who, by the sound of it, had turned his friend into a badger. Resisting the urge to take a look, Harry walked on by, thinking that Justin might be using his free time to catch up on some work, and deciding to check the library first. A group of the Hufflepuffs who should have been in Herbology were indeed sitting at the back of the library, but they didnt seem to be working. Between the long lines of high bookshelves, Harry could see P a g e 220 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling that their heads were close together and they were having what looked like an absorbing conversation. He couldnt see whether Justin was among them. He was walking toward them when something of what they were saying met his ears, and he paused to listen, hidden in the Invisibility section. So anyway, a stout boy was saying, I told Justin to hide up in our dormitory. I mean to say, if Potters marked him down as his next victim, its best if he keeps a low profile for a while. Of course, Justins been waiting for something like this to happen ever since he let slip to Potter he was Muggleborn. Justin actually told him hed been down for Eton. Thats not the kind of thing you bandy about with Slytherins heir on the loose, is it? You definitely think it is Potter, then, Ernie? said a girl with blonde pigtails anxiously. Hannah, said the stout boy solemnly, hes a Parselmouth. Everyone knows thats the mark of a Dark wizard. Have you ever heard of a decent one who could talk to snakes? They called Slytherin himself Serpenttongue. There was some heavy murmuring at this, and Ernie went on, Remember what was written on the wall? Enemies of the Heir, Beware. Potter had some sort of runin with Filch. Next thing we know, Filchs cats attacked. That first year, Creevey, was annoying Potter at the Quidditch match, taking pictures of him while he was lying in the mud. Next thing we know Creeveys been attacked. He always seems so nice, though, said Hannah uncertainly, and, well, hes the one who made You KnowWho disappear. He cant be all bad, can he?