Yes, said Harry as they left the castle and started across the dewdrenched grass. And theres the Keeper, too. He guards the goal posts. Thats it, really. But Colin didnt stop questioning Harry all the way down the sloping lawns to the Quidditch field, and Harry only shook him off when he reached the changing rooms Colin called after him in a piping voice, Ill go and get a good seat, Harry! and hurried off to the stands. P a g e 119 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling The rest of the Gryffindor team were already in the changing room. Wood was the only person who looked truly awake. Fred and George Weasley were sitting, puffyeyed and touslehaired, next to fourth year Alicia Spinnet, who seemed to be nodding off against the wall behind her. Her fellow Chasers, Katie Bell and Angelina Johnson, were yawning side by side opposite them. There you are, Harry, what kept you? said Wood briskly. Now, I wanted a quick talk with you all before we actually get onto the field, because I spent the summer devising a whole new training program, which I really think will make all the difference. Wood was holding up a large diagram of a Quidditch field, on which were drawn many lines, arrows, and crosses in differentcolored inks. He took out his wand, tapped the board, and the arrows began to wiggle over the diagram like caterpillars. As Wood launched into a speech about his new tactics, Fred Weasleys head drooped right onto Alicia Spinnets shoulder and he began to snore. The first board took nearly twenty minutes to explain, but there was another board under that, and a third under that one. Harry sank into a stupor as Wood droned on and on. So, said Wood, at long last, jerking Harry from a wistful fantasy about what he could be eating for breakfast at this very moment up at the castle. Is that clear? Any questions? Ive got a question, Oliver, said George, who had woken with a start. Why couldnt you have told us all this yesterday when we were awake? Wood wasnt pleased. P a g e 120 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Now, listen here, you lot, he said, glowering at them all. We should have won the Quidditch Cup last year. Were easily the best team. But unfortunately owing to circumstances beyond our control Harry shifted guiltily in his seat. He had been unconscious in the hospital wing for the final match of the previous year, meaning that Gryffindor had been a player short and had suffered their worst defeat in three hundred years. Wood took a moment to regain control of himself. Their last defeat was clearly still torturing him. So this year, we train harder than ever before. Okay, lets go and put our new theories into practice! Wood shouted, seizing his broomstick and leading the way out of the locker rooms.