said Hermione as they edged into the chattering crowd. Someone told me Flitwick was a dueling champion when he was young maybe itll be him. As long as its not Harry began, but he ended on a groan Gilderoy Lockhart was walking onto the stage, resplendent in robes of deep plum and accompanied by none other than Snape, wearing his usual black. P a g e 210 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Lockhart waved an arm for silence and called, Gather round, gather round! Can everyone see me? Can you all hear me? Excellent! Now, Professor Dumbledore has granted me permission to start this little dueling club, to train you all in case you ever need to defend yourselves as I myself have done on countless occasions for full details, see my published works. Let me introduce my assistant, Professor Snape, said Lockhart, flashing a wide smile. He tells me he knows a tiny little bit about dueling himself and has sportingly agreed to help me with a short demonstration before we begin. Now, I dont want any of you youngsters to worry youll still have your Potions master when Im through with him, never fear! Wouldnt it be good if they finished each other off? Ron muttered in Harrys ear. Snapes upper lip was curling. Harry wondered why Lockhart was still smiling if Snape had been looking at him like that hed have been running as fast as he could in the opposite direction. Lockhart and Snape turned to face each other and bowed at least, Lockhart did, with much twirling of his hands, whereas Snape jerked his head irritably. Then they raised their wands like swords in front of them. As you see, we are holding our wands in the accepted combative position, Lockhart told the silent crowd. On the count of three, we will cast our first spells. Neither of us will be aiming to kill, of course. P a g e 211 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling I wouldnt bet on that, Harry murmured, watching Snape baring his teeth. One two three Both of them swung their wands above their heads and pointed them at their opponent Snape cried Expelliarmus! There was a dazzling flash of scarlet light and Lockhart was blasted off his feet He flew backward off the stage, smashed into the wall, and slid down it to sprawl on the floor. Malfoy and some of the other Slytherins cheered. Hermione was dancing on tiptoes. Do you think hes all right? she squealed through her fingers. Who cares? said Harry and Ron together. Lockhart was getting unsteadily to his feet. His hat had fallen off and his wavy hair was standing on end. Well, there you have it! he said, tottering back onto the platform.