P a g e 90 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Well, youre expelling us, arent you? said Ron. Harry looked quickly at Dumbledore. Not today, Mr. Weasley, said Dumbledore. But I must impress upon both of you the seriousness of what you have done. I will be writing to both your families tonight. I must also warn you that if you do anything like this again, I will have no choice but to expel you. Snape looked as though Christmas had been canceled. He cleared his throat and said, Professor Dumbledore, these boys have flouted the Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry, caused serious damage to an old and valuable tree surely acts of this nature It will be for Professor McGonagall to decide on these boys punishments, Severus, said Dumbledore calmly. They are in her House and are therefore her responsibility. He turned to Professor McGonagall. I must go back to the feast, Minerva, Ive got to give out a few notices. Come, Severus, theres a delicious looking custard tart I want to sample Snape shot a look of pure venom at Harry and Ron as he allowed himself to be swept out of his office, leaving them alone with Professor McGonagall, who was still eyeing them like a wrathful eagle. Youd better get along to the hospital wing, Weasley, youre bleeding. Not much, said Ron, hastily wiping the cut over his eye with his sleeve. Professor, I wanted to watch my sister being Sorted P a g e 91 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling The Sorting Ceremony is over, said Professor McGonagall. Your sister is also in Gryffindor. Oh, good, said Ron. And speaking of Gryffindor Professor McGonagall said sharply, but Harry cut in Professor, when we took the car, term hadnt started, so so Gryffindor shouldnt really have points taken from it should it? he finished, watching her anxiously. Professor McGonagall gave him a piercing look, but he was sure she had almost smiled. Her mouth looked less thin, anyway. I will not take any points from Gryffindor, she said, and Harrys heart lightened considerably. But you will both get a detention. It was better than Harry had expected. As for Dumbledores writing to the Dursleys, that was nothing. Harry knew perfectly well theyd just be disappointed that the Whomping Willow hadnt squashed him flat. Professor McGonagall raised her wand again and pointed it at Snapes desk. A large plate of sandwiches, two silver goblets, and a jug of iced pumpkin juice appeared with a pop. You will eat in here and then go straight up to your dormitory, she said. I must also return to the feast. When the door had closed behind her, Ron let out a long, low whistle. I thought wed had it, he said, grabbing a sandwich. So did I, said Harry, taking one, too. P a g e 92 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K.