Rowling Can you believe our luck, though? said Ron thickly through a mouthful of chicken and ham. Fred and George mustve flown that car five or six times and no Muggle ever saw them. He swallowed and took another huge bite. Why couldnt we get through the barrier? Harry shrugged. Well have to watch our step from now on, though, he said, taking a grateful swig of pumpkin juice. Wish we couldve gone up to the feast. She didnt want us showing off, said Ron sagely. Doesnt want people to think its clever, arriving by flying car. When they had eaten as many sandwiches as they could the plate kept refilling itself, they rose and left the office, treading the familiar path to Gryffindor Tower. The castle was quiet it seemed that the feast was over. They walked past muttering portraits and creaking suits of armor, and climbed narrow flights of stone stairs, until at last they reached the passage where the secret entrance to Gryffindor Tower was hidden, behind an oil painting of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress. Password? she said as they approached. Er said Harry. They didnt know the new years password, not having met a Gryffindor prefect yet, but help came almost immediately they heard hurrying feet behind them and turned to see Hermione dashing toward them. There you are! Where have you been? The most ridiculous rumors someone said youd been expelled for crashing a flying car P a g e 93 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Well, we havent been expelled, Harry assured her. Youre not telling me you did fly here? said Hermione, sounding almost as severe as Professor McGonagall. Skip the lecture, said Ron impatiently, and tell us the new password. Its wattlebird, said Hermione impatiently, but thats not the point Her words were cut short, however, as the portrait of the fat lady swung open and there was a sudden storm of clapping. It looked as though the whole of Gryffindor House was still awake, packed into the circular common room, standing on the lopsided tables and squashy armchairs, waiting for them to arrive. Arms reached through the portrait hole to pull Harry and Ron inside, leaving Hermione to scramble in after them. Brilliant! yelled Lee Jordan. Inspired! What an entrance! Flying a car right into the Whomping Willow, peoplell be talking about that one for years Good for you, said a fifth year Harry had never spoken to someone was patting him on the back as though hed just won a marathon Fred and George pushed their way to the front of the crowd and said together, Why couldnt weve come in the car, eh? Ron was scarlet in the face, grinning embarrassedly, but Harry could see one person who didnt look happy at all. Percy was visible over the heads of some excited first years, and he seemed to be trying to get near enough to start telling them off.