Clues, you know P a g e 175 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Percy swelled in a manner that reminded Harry forcefully of Mrs. Weasley. Get away from there Percy said, striding toward them and starting to bustle them along, flapping his arms. Dont you care what this looks like? Coming back here while everyones at dinner Why shouldnt we be here? said Ron hotly, stopping short and glaring at Percy. Listen, we never laid a finger on that cat! Thats what I told Ginny, said Percy fiercely, but she still seems to think youre going to be expelled, Ive never seen her so upset, crying her eyes out, you might think of her, all the first years are thoroughly overexcited by this business You dont care about Ginny, said Ron, whose ears were now reddening. Youre just worried Im going to mess up your chances of being Head Boy Five points from Gryffindor! Percy said tersely, fingering his prefect badge. And I hope it teaches you a lesson! No more detective work, or Ill write to Mum! And he strode off, the back of his neck as red as Rons ears. Harry, Ron, and Hermione chose seats as far as possible from Percy in the common room that night. Ron was still in a very bad temper and kept blotting his Charms homework. When he reached absently for his wand to remove the smudges, it ignited the parchment. Fuming almost as much as his homework, Ron slammed The Standard Book of P a g e 176 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Spells, Grade 2 shut. To Harrys surprise, Hermione followed suit. Who can it be, though? she said in a quiet voice, as though continuing a conversation they had just been having. Whod want to frighten all the Squibs and Muggleborns out of Hogwarts? Lets think, said Ron in mock puzzlement. Who do we know who thinks Muggleborns are scum? He looked at Hermione. Hermione looked back, unconvinced. If youre talking about Malfoy Of course I am! said Ron. You heard him Youll be next, Mudbloods! come on, youve only got to look at his foul rat face to know its him Malfoy, the Heir of Slytherin? said Hermione skeptically. Look at his family, said Harry, closing his books, too. The whole lot of them have been in Slytherin hes always boasting about it. They could easily be Slytherins descendants. His fathers definitely evil enough. They couldve had the key to the Chamber of Secrets for centuries! said Ron. Handing it down, father to son. Well, said Hermione cautiously, I suppose its possible. But how do we prove it? said Harry darkly. P a g e 177 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling There might be a way, said Hermione slowly, dropping her voice still further with a quick glance across the room at Percy. Of course, it would be difficult. And dangerous, very dangerous.