Dobby made a funny choking noise and then banged his head frantically against the wall. All right! cried Harry, grabbing the elfs arm to stop him. You cant tell me. I understand. But why are you warning me? A sudden, unpleasant thought struck him. Hang on this hasnt got anything to do with Vol sorry with YouKnowWho, has it? P a g e 19 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling You could just shake or nod, he added hastily as Dobbys head tilted worryingly close to the wall again. Slowly, Dobby shook his head. Not not HeWhoMustNotBeNamed, sir But Dobbys eyes were wide and he seemed to be trying to give Harry a hint. Harry, however, was completely lost. He hasnt got a brother, has he? Dobby shook his head, his eyes wider than ever. Well then, I cant think who else would have a chance of making horrible things happen at Hogwarts, said Harry. I mean, theres Dumbledore, for one thing you know who Dumbledore is, dont you? Dobby bowed his head. Albus Dumbledore is the greatest headmaster Hogwarts has ever had. Dobby knows it, sir. Dobby has heard Dumbledores powers rival those of He WhoMustNotBeNamed at the height of his strength. But, sir Dobbys voice dropped to an urgent whisper there are powers Dumbledore doesnt powers no decent wizard And before Harry could stop him, Dobby bounded off the bed, seized Harrys desk lamp, and started beating himself around the head with earsplitting yelps. A sudden silence fell downstairs. Two seconds later Harry, heart thudding madly, heard Uncle Vernon P a g e 20 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling coming into the hall, calling, Dudley must have left his television on again, the little tyke! Quick! In the closet! hissed Harry, stuffing Dobby in, shutting the door, and flinging himself onto the bed just as the door handle turned. What the devil are you doing? said Uncle Vernon through gritted teeth, his face horribly close to Harrys. Youve just ruined the punch line of my Japanese golfer joke. One more sound and youll wish youd never been born, boy! He stomped flatfooted from the room. Shaking, Harry let Dobby out of the closet. See what its like here? he said. See why Ive got to go back to Hogwarts? Its the only place Ive got well, I think Ive got friends. Friends who dont even write to Harry Potter? said Dobby slyly. I expect theyve just been wait a minute, said Harry, frowning. How do you know my friends havent been writing to me? Dobby shuffled his feet. Harry Potter mustnt be angry with Dobby. Dobby did it for the best Have you been stopping my letters? Dobby has them here, sir, said the elf. Stepping nimbly out of Harrys reach, he pulled a thick wad of envelopes from the inside of the pillowcase he was wearing.