If a long succession of Hogwarts headmasters and headmistresses havent found the thing But, Professor, piped up Parvati Patil, youd probably have to use Dark Magic to open it Just because a wizard doesnt use Dark Magic doesnt mean he cant, Miss Pennyfeather, snapped Professor Binns. I repeat, if the likes of Dumbledore But maybe youve got to be related to Slytherin, so Dumbledore couldnt began Dean Thomas, but Professor Binns had had enough. That will do, he said sharply. It is a myth! It does not exist! There is not a shred of evidence that Slytherin ever built so much as a secret broom cupboard! I regret telling you such a foolish story! We P a g e 169 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling will return, if you please, to history, to solid, believable, verifiable fact! And within five minutes, the class had sunk back into its usual torpor. I always knew Salazar Slytherin was a twisted old loony, Ron told Harry and Hermione as they fought their way through the teeming corridors at the end of the lesson to drop off their bags before dinner. But I never knew he started all this pureblood stuff. I wouldnt be in his House if you paid me. Honestly, if the Sorting Hat had tried to put me in Slytherin, Idve got the train straight back home. Hermione nodded fervently, but Harry didnt say anything. His stomach had just dropped unpleasantly. Harry had never told Ron and Hermione that the Sorting Hat had seriously considered putting him in Slytherin. He could remember, as though it were yesterday, the small voice that had spoken in his ear when hed placed the hat on his head a year before You could be great, you know, its all here in your head, and Slytherin would help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that. But Harry, who had already heard of Slytherin Houses reputation for turning out Dark wizards, had thought desperately, Not Slytherin! and the hat had said, Oh, well, if youre sure better be Gryffindor. As they were shunted along in the throng, Colin Creevey went past. Hiya, Harry! Hullo, Colin, said Harry automatically. P a g e 170 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry Harry a boy in my class has been saying youre But Colin was so small he couldnt fight against the tide of people bearing him toward the Great Hall they heard him squeak, See you, Harry! and he was gone. Whats a boy in his class saying about you? Hermione wondered. That Im Slytherins heir, I expect, said Harry, his stomach dropping another inch or so as he suddenly remembered the way Justin FinchFletchley had run away from him at lunchtime. People herell believe anything, said Ron in disgust. The crowd thinned and they were able to climb the next staircase without difficulty. Dyou really think theres a Chamber of Secrets? Ron asked Hermione.