Well, thats an interesting question, said Riddle pleasantly. And quite a long story. I suppose the real reason Ginny Weasleys like this is because she P a g e 344 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling opened her heart and spilled all her secrets to an invisible stranger. What are you talking about? said Harry. The diary, said Riddle. My diary. Little Ginnys been writing in it for months and months, telling me all her pitiful worries and woes how her brothers tease her, how she had to come to school with secondhand robes and books, how Riddles eyes glinted how she didnt think famous, good, great Harry Potter would ever like her. All the time he spoke, Riddles eyes never left Harrys face. There was an almost hungry look in them. Its very boring, having to listen to the silly little troubles of an elevenyearold girl, he went on. But I was patient. I wrote back. I was sympathetic, I was kind. Ginny simply loved me. No ones ever understood me like you, Tom. Im so glad Ive got this diary to confide in. Its like having a friend I can carry around in my pocket. Riddle laughed, a high, cold laugh that didnt suit him. It made the hairs stand up on the back of Harrys neck. If I say it myself, Harry, Ive always been able to charm the people I needed. So Ginny poured out her soul to me, and her soul happened to be exactly what I wanted. I grew stronger and stronger on a diet of her deepest fears, her darkest secrets. I grew powerful, far more powerful than little Miss Weasley. Powerful enough to start feeding Miss Weasley a few of my secrets, to start pouring a little of my soul back into her P a g e 345 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling What dyou mean? said Harry, whose mouth had gone very dry. Havent you guessed yet, Harry Potter? said Riddle softly. Ginny Weasley opened the Chamber of Secrets. She strangled the school roosters and daubed threatening messages on the walls. She set the Serpent of Slytherin on four Mudbloods, and the Squibs cat. No, Harry whispered. Yes, said Riddle, calmly. Of course, she didnt know what she was doing at first. It was very amusing. I wish you could have seen her new diary entries far more interesting, they became. Dear Tom, he recited, watching Harrys horrified face, I think Im losing my memory. There are rooster feathers all over my robes and I dont know how they got there. Dear Tom, I cant remember what I did on the night of Halloween, but a cat was attacked and Ive got paint all down my front. Dear Tom, Percy keeps telling me Im pale and Im not myself. I think he suspects me. There was another attack today and I dont know where I was. Tom, what am I going to do?