squealed the elf. Go home, Harry Potter, go home! Im not going anywhere! said Harry fiercely. One of my best friends is Muggleborn shell be first in line if the Chamber really has been opened Harry Potter risks his own life for his friends! moaned Dobby in a kind of miserable ecstasy. So noble! So valiant! But he must save himself, he must, Harry Potter must not P a g e 199 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Dobby suddenly froze, his bat ears quivering. Harry heard it, too. There were footsteps coming down the passageway outside. Dobby must go! breathed the elf, terrified. There was a loud crack, and Harrys fist was suddenly clenched on thin air. He slumped back into bed, his eyes on the dark doorway to the hospital wing as the footsteps drew nearer. Next moment, Dumbledore was backing into the dormitory, wearing a long woolly dressing gown and a nightcap. He was carrying one end of what looked like a statue. Professor McGonagall appeared a second later, carrying its feet. Together, they heaved it onto a bed. Get Madam Pomfrey, whispered Dumbledore, and Professor McGonagall hurried past the end of Harrys bed out of sight. Harry lay quite still, pretending to be asleep. He heard urgent voices, and then Professor McGonagall swept back into view, closely followed by Madam Pomfrey, who was pulling a cardigan on over her nightdress. He heard a sharp intake of breath. What happened? Madam Pomfrey whispered to Dumbledore, bending over the statue on the bed. Another attack, said Dumbledore. Minerva found him on the stairs. There was a bunch of grapes next to him, said Professor McGonagall. We think he was trying to sneak up here to visit Potter. Harrys stomach gave a horrible lurch. Slowly and carefully, he raised himself a few inches so he could look at the statue on the bed. A ray of moonlight lay across its staring face. P a g e 200 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling It was Colin Creevey. His eyes were wide and his hands were stuck up in front of him, holding his camera. Petrified? whispered Madam Pomfrey. Yes, said Professor McGonagall. But I shudder to think If Albus hadnt been on the way downstairs for hot chocolate who knows what might have The three of them stared down at Colin. Then Dumbledore leaned forward and wrenched the camera out of Colins rigid grip. You dont think he managed to get a picture of his attacker? said Professor McGonagall eagerly. Dumbledore didnt answer. He opened the back of the camera. Good gracious! said Madam Pomfrey. A jet of steam had hissed out of the camera. Harry, three beds away, caught the acrid smell of burnt plastic. Melted, said Madam Pomfrey wonderingly. All melted What does this mean, Albus? Professor McGonagall asked urgently. It means, said Dumbledore, that the Chamber of Secrets is indeed open again. Madam Pomfrey clapped a hand to her mouth.