Standing on a golden perch behind the door was a decrepitlooking bird that resembled a halfplucked turkey. Harry stared at it and the bird looked balefully back, making its gagging noise again. Harry thought it looked very ill. Its eyes P a g e 230 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling were dull and, even as Harry watched, a couple more feathers fell out of its tail. Harry was just thinking that all he needed was for Dumbledores pet bird to die while he was alone in the office with it, when the bird burst into flames. Harry yelled in shock and backed away into the desk. He looked feverishly around in case there was a glass of water somewhere but couldnt see one the bird, meanwhile, had become a fireball it gave one loud shriek and next second there was nothing but a smoldering pile of ash on the floor. The office door opened. Dumbledore came in, looking very somber. Professor, Harry gasped. Your bird I couldnt do anything he just caught fire To Harrys astonishment, Dumbledore smiled. About time, too, he said. Hes been looking dreadful for days Ive been telling him to get a move on. He chuckled at the stunned look on Harrys face. Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry. Phoenixes burst into flame when it is time for them to die and are reborn from the ashes. Watch him Harry looked down in time to see a tiny, wrinkled, newborn bird poke its head out of the ashes. It was quite as ugly as the old one. Its a shame you had to see him on a Burning Day, said Dumbledore, seating himself behind his desk. Hes really very handsome most of the time, wonderful red and gold plumage. Fascinating P a g e 231 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling creatures, phoenixes. They can carry immensely heavy loads, their tears have healing powers, and they make highly faithful pets. In the shock of Fawkes catching fire, Harry had forgotten what he was there for, but it all came back to him as Dumbledore settled himself in the high chair behind the desk and fixed Harry with his penetrating, lightblue stare. Before Dumbledore could speak another word, however, the door of the office flew open with an almighty bang and Hagrid burst in, a wild look in his eyes, his balaclava perched on top of his shaggy black head and the dead rooster still swinging from his hand. It wasn Harry, Professor Dumbledore! said Hagrid urgently. I was talkin ter him seconds before that kid was found, he never had time, sir Dumbledore tried to say something, but Hagrid went ranting on, waving the rooster around in his agitation, sending feathers everywhere. it cantve bin him, Ill swear it in front o the Ministry o Magic if I have to Hagrid, I yehve got the wrong boy, sir, I know Harry never Hagrid! said Dumbledore loudly.