What if she never left the bathroom? What if shes still there? Ron rubbed his eyes, frowning through the moonlight. And then he understood, too. You dont think not Moaning Myrtle? P a g e 314 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS All those times we were in that bathroom, and she was just three toilets away, said Ron bitterly at breakfast next day, and we couldve asked her, and now It had been hard enough trying to look for spiders. Escaping their teachers long enough to sneak into a girls bathroom, the girls bathroom, moreover, right next to the scene of the first attack, was going to be almost impossible. But something happened in their first lesson, Transfiguration, that drove the Chamber of Secrets out of their minds for the first time in weeks. Ten minutes into the class, Professor McGonagall told them that their exams would start on the first of June, one week from today. Exams? howled Seamus Finnigan. Were still getting exams? P a g e 315 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling There was a loud bang behind Harry as Neville Longbottoms wand slipped, vanishing one of the legs on his desk. Professor McGonagall restored it with a wave of her own wand, and turned, frowning, to Seamus. The whole point of keeping the school open at this time is for you to receive your education, she said sternly. The exams will therefore take place as usual, and I trust you are all studying hard. Studying hard! It had never occurred to Harry that there would be exams with the castle in this state. There was a great deal of mutinous muttering around the room, which made Professor McGonagall scowl even more darkly. Professor Dumbledores instructions were to keep the school running as normally as possible, she said. And that, I need hardly point out, means finding out how much you have learned this year. Harry looked down at the pair of white rabbits he was supposed to be turning into slippers. What had he learned so far this year? He couldnt seem to think of anything that would be useful in an exam. Ron looked as though hed just been told he had to go and live in the Forbidden Forest. Can you imagine me taking exams with this? he asked Harry, holding up his wand, which had just started whistling loudly. Three days before their first exam, Professor McGonagall made another announcement at breakfast. P a g e 316 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling I have good news, she said, and the Great Hall, instead of falling silent, erupted. Dumbledores coming back! several people yelled joyfully. Youve caught the Heir of Slytherin! squealed a girl at the Ravenclaw table. Quidditch matches are back on! roared Wood excitedly. When the hubbub had subsided, Professor McGonagall said, Professor Sprout has informed me that the Mandrakes are ready for cutting at last.