Harry half wished he hadnt found out how to work Riddles diary. Again and again Ron and Hermione made him recount what hed seen, until he was heartily sick of telling them and sick of the long, circular conversations that followed. P a g e 277 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Riddle might have got the wrong person, said Hermione. Maybe it was some other monster that was attacking people. How many monsters dyou think this place can hold? Ron asked dully. We always knew Hagrid had been expelled, said Harry miserably. And the attacks mustve stopped after Hagrid was kicked out. Otherwise, Riddle wouldnt have got his award. Ron tried a different tack. Riddle does sound like Percy who asked him to squeal on Hagrid, anyway? But the monster had killed someone, Ron, said Hermione. And Riddle was going to go back to some Muggle orphanage if they closed Hogwarts, said Harry. I dont blame him for wanting to stay here. You met Hagrid down Knockturn Alley, didnt you, Harry? He was buying a FleshEating Slug Repellent, said Harry quickly. The three of them fell silent. After a long pause, Hermione voiced the knottiest question of all in a hesitant voice. Do you think we should go and ask Hagrid about it all? P a g e 278 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Thatd be a cheerful visit, said Ron. Hello, Hagrid. Tell us, have you been setting anything mad and hairy loose in the castle lately? In the end, they decided that they would not say anything to Hagrid unless there was another attack, and as more and more days went by with no whisper from the disembodied voice, they became hopeful that they would never need to talk to him about why he had been expelled. It was now nearly four months since Justin and Nearly Headless Nick had been Petrified, and nearly everybody seemed to think that the attacker, whoever it was, had retired for good. Peeves had finally got bored of his Oh, Potter, you rotter song, Ernie Macmillan asked Harry quite politely to pass a bucket of leaping toadstools in Herbology one day, and in March several of the Mandrakes threw a loud and raucous party in greenhouse three. This made Professor Sprout very happy. The moment they start trying to move into each others pots, well know theyre fully mature, she told Harry. Then well be able to revive those poor people in the hospital wing. The second years were given something new to think about during their Easter holidays. The time had come to choose their subjects for the third year, a matter that Hermione, at least, took very seriously. It could affect our whole future, she told Harry and Ron as they pored over lists of new subjects, marking them with checks. I just want to give up Potions, said Harry. P a g e 279 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K.