It was this diary, said Harry quickly, picking it up and showing it to Dumbledore. Riddle wrote it when he was sixteen. Dumbledore took the diary from Harry and peered keenly down his long, crooked nose at its burnt and soggy pages. Brilliant, he said softly. Of course, he was probably the most brilliant student Hogwarts has ever seen. He turned around to the Weasleys, who were looking utterly bewildered. Very few people know that Lord Voldemort was once called Tom Riddle. I taught him myself, fifty years ago, at Hogwarts. He disappeared after leaving the school traveled far and wide sank so deeply into the Dark Arts, consorted with the very worst of our kind, underwent so many dangerous, magical transformations, that when he resurfaced as Lord Voldemort, he was barely recognizable. Hardly anyone connected Lord Voldemort with the clever, handsome boy who was once Head Boy here. But, Ginny, said Mrs. Weasley. Whats our Ginny got to do with with him? P a g e 366 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling His ddiary! Ginny sobbed. Ive bbeen writing in it, and hes been wwriting back all year Ginny! said Mr. Weasley, flabbergasted. Havent I taught you anything? What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can think for itself if you cant see where it keeps its brain. Why didnt you show the diary to me, or your mother? A suspicious object like that, it was clearly full of Dark Magic I ddidnt know, sobbed Ginny. I found it inside one of the books Mum got me. I ththought someone had just left it in there and forgotten about it Miss Weasley should go up to the hospital wing right away, Dumbledore interrupted in a firm voice. This has been a terrible ordeal for her. There will be no punishment. Older and wiser wizards than she have been hoodwinked by Lord Voldemort. He strode over to the door and opened it. Bed rest and perhaps a large, steaming mug of hot chocolate. I always find that cheers me up, he added, twinkling kindly down at her. You will find that Madam Pomfrey is still awake. Shes just giving out Mandrake juice I daresay the basilisks victims will be waking up any moment. So Hermiones okay! said Ron brightly. There has been no lasting harm done, Ginny, said Dumbledore. Mrs. Weasley led Ginny out, and Mr. Weasley followed, still looking deeply shaken. You know, Minerva, Professor Dumbledore said thoughtfully to Professor McGonagall, I think all this merits a good feast. Might I ask you to go and alert the kitchens? P a g e 367 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Right, said Professor McGonagall crisply, also moving to the door. Ill leave you to deal with Potter and Weasley, shall I? Certainly, said Dumbledore. She left, and Harry and Ron gazed uncertainly at Dumbledore. What exactly had Professor McGonagall meant, deal with them?