Weasley conjured up a sumptuous dinner that included all of Harrys favorite things, ending with a mouthwatering treacle pudding. Fred and George rounded off the evening with a display of Filibuster fireworks they filled the kitchen with red and blue stars that bounced from ceiling to wall for at least half an hour. Then it was time for a last mug of hot chocolate and bed. It took a long while to get started next morning. They were up at dawn, but somehow they still seemed to have a great deal to do. Mrs. Weasley dashed about in a bad mood looking for spare socks and quills people kept colliding on the stairs, halfdressed with bits of P a g e 73 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling toast in their hands and Mr. Weasley nearly broke his neck, tripping over a stray chicken as he crossed the yard carrying Ginnys trunk to the car. Harry couldnt see how eight people, six large trunks, two owls, and a rat were going to fit into one small Ford Anglia. He had reckoned, of course, without the special features that Mr. Weasley had added. Not a word to Molly, he whispered to Harry as he opened the trunk and showed him how it had been magically expanded so that the luggage fitted easily. When at last they were all in the car, Mrs. Weasley glanced into the back seat, where Harry, Ron, Fred, George, and Percy were all sitting comfortably side by side, and said, Muggles do know more than we give them credit for, dont they? She and Ginny got into the front seat, which had been stretched so that it resembled a park bench. I mean, youd never know it was this roomy from the outside, would you? Mr. Weasley started up the engine and they trundled out of the yard, Harry turning back for a last look at the house. He barely had time to wonder when hed see it again when they were back George had forgotten his box of Filibuster fireworks. Five minutes after that, they skidded to a halt in the yard so that Fred could run in for his broomstick. They had almost reached the highway when Ginny shrieked that shed left her diary. By the time she had clambered back into the car, they were running very late, and tempers were running high. Mr. Weasley glanced at his watch and then at his wife. Molly, dear P a g e 74 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling No, Arthur No one would see this little button here is an Invisibility Booster I installed thatd get us up in the air then we fly above the clouds. Wed be there in ten minutes and no one would be any the wiser I said no, Arthur, not in broad daylight They reached Kings Cross at a quarter to eleven. Mr.