I think Im going mad. I think Im the one attacking everyone, Tom! Harrys fists were clenched, the nails digging deep into his palms. It took a very long time for stupid little Ginny to stop trusting her diary, said Riddle. But she finally became suspicious and tried to dispose of it. And thats where you came in, Harry. You found it, and I couldnt have been more delighted. Of all the people who could have picked it up, it was you, the very person I was most anxious to meet. P a g e 346 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling And why did you want to meet me? said Harry. Anger was coursing through him, and it was an effort to keep his voice steady. Well, you see, Ginny told me all about you, Harry, said Riddle. Your whole fascinating history. His eyes roved over the lightning scar on Harrys forehead, and their expression grew hungrier. I knew I must find out more about you, talk to you, meet you if I could. So I decided to show you my famous capture of that great oaf, Hagrid, to gain your trust Hagrids my friend, said Harry, his voice now shaking. And you framed him, didnt you? I thought you made a mistake, but Riddle laughed his high laugh again. It was my word against Hagrids, Harry. Well, you can imagine how it looked to old Armando Dippet. On the one hand, Tom Riddle, poor but brilliant, parentless but so brave, school prefect, model student on the other hand, big, blundering Hagrid, in trouble every other week, trying to raise werewolf cubs under his bed, sneaking off to the Forbidden Forest to wrestle trolls but I admit, even I was surprised how well the plan worked. I thought someone must realize that Hagrid couldnt possibly be the Heir of Slytherin. It had taken me five whole years to find out everything I could about the Chamber of Secrets and discover the secret entrance as though Hagrid had the brains, or the power! Only the Transfiguration teacher, Dumbledore, seemed to think Hagrid was innocent. He persuaded Dippet to keep Hagrid and train him as gamekeeper. Yes, I think Dumbledore might have guessed. Dumbledore never seemed to like me as much as the other teachers did. P a g e 347 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling I bet Dumbledore saw right through you, said Harry, his teeth gritted. Well, he certainly kept an annoyingly close watch on me after Hagrid was expelled, said Riddle carelessly. I knew it wouldnt be safe to open the Chamber again while I was still at school. But I wasnt going to waste those long years Id spent searching for it. I decided to leave behind a diary, preserving my sixteenyearold self in its pages, so that one day, with luck, I would be able to lead another in my footsteps, and finish Salazar Slytherins noble work.