Of all the trees we couldve hit, we had to get one that hits back. He glanced over his shoulder at the ancient tree, which was still flailing its branches threateningly. Come on, said Harry wearily, wed better get up to the school. It wasnt at all the triumphant arrival they had pictured. Stiff, cold, and bruised, they seized the ends of their trunks and began dragging them up the grassy slope, toward the great oak front doors. I think the feasts already started, said Ron, dropping his trunk at the foot of the front steps and crossing quietly to look through a brightly lit window. Hey Harry come and look its the Sorting! Harry hurried over and, together, he and Ron peered in at the Great Hall. Innumerable candles were hovering in midair over four long, crowded tables, making the golden plates and goblets sparkle. Overhead, the bewitched ceiling, which always mirrored the sky outside, sparkled with stars. Through the forest of pointed black Hogwarts hats, Harry saw a long line of scaredlooking first years filing into the Hall. Ginny was among them, easily visible because of her vivid Weasley hair. Meanwhile, P a g e 85 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Professor McGonagall, a bespectacled witch with her hair in a tight bun, was placing the famous Hogwarts Sorting Hat on a stool before the newcomers. Every year, this aged old hat, patched, frayed, and dirty, sorted new students into the four Hogwarts houses Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Harry well remembered putting it on, exactly one year ago, and waiting, petrified, for its decision as it muttered aloud in his ear. For a few horrible seconds he had feared that the hat was going to put him in Slytherin, the House that had turned out more Dark witches and wizards than any other but he had ended up in Gryffindor, along with Ron, Hermione, and the rest of the Weasleys. Last term, Harry and Ron had helped Gryffindor win the House Championship, beating Slytherin for the first time in seven years. A very small, mousyhaired boy had been called forward to place the hat on his head. Harrys eyes wandered past him to where Professor Dumbledore, the headmaster, sat watching the Sorting from the staff table, his long silver beard and halfmoon glasses shining brightly in the candlelight. Several seats along, Harry saw Gilderoy Lockhart, dressed in robes of aquamarine. And there at the end was Hagrid, huge and hairy, drinking deeply from his goblet. Hang on Harry muttered to Ron. Theres an empty chair at the staff table. Wheres Snape? Professor Severus Snape was Harrys least favorite teacher. Harry also happened to be Snapes least favorite student. Cruel, sarcastic, and disliked by everybody except the students from his own House Slytherin, Snape taught Potions. P a g e 86 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Maybe hes ill! said Ron hopefully.