snarled Filch. He saw my Kwikspell letter! If I might speak, Headmaster, said Snape from the shadows, and Harrys sense of foreboding increased he was sure nothing Snape had to say was going to do him any good. Potter and his friends may have simply been in the wrong place at the wrong time, he said, a slight sneer curling his mouth as though he doubted it. But we do have a set of suspicious circumstances here. Why was he in the upstairs corridor at all? Why wasnt he at the Halloween feast? P a g e 159 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry, Ron and Hermione all launched into an explanation about the deathday party. there were hundreds of ghosts, theyll tell you we were there But why not join the feast afterward? said Snape, his black eyes glittering in the candlelight. Why go up to that corridor? Ron and Hermione looked at Harry. Because because Harry said, his heart thumping very fast something told him it would sound very farfetched if he told them he had been led there by a bodiless voice no one but he could hear, because we were tired and wanted to go to bed, he said. Without any supper? said Snape, a triumphant smile flickering across his gaunt face. I didnt think ghosts provided food fit for living people at their parties. We werent hungry, said Ron loudly as his stomach gave a huge rumble. Snapes nasty smile widened. I suggest, Headmaster, that Potter is not being entirely truthful, he said. It might be a good idea if he were deprived of certain privileges until he is ready to tell us the whole story. I personally feel he should be taken off the Gryffindor Quidditch team until he is ready to be honest. Really, Severus, said Professor McGonagall sharply, I see no reason to stop the boy playing Quidditch. This cat wasnt hit over the head with a broomstick. There is no evidence at all that Potter has done anything wrong. P a g e 160 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Dumbledore was giving Harry a searching look. His twinkling lightblue gaze made Harry feel as though he were being Xrayed. Innocent until proven guilty, Severus, he said firmly. Snape looked furious. So did Filch. My cat has been Petrified! he shrieked, his eyes popping. I want to see some punishment! We will be able to cure her, Argus, said Dumbledore patiently. Professer Sprout recently managed to procure some Mandrakes. As soon as they have reached their full size, I will have a potion made that will revive Mrs. Norris. Ill make it, Lockhart butted in. I must have done it a hundred times. I could whip up a Mandrake Restorative Draught in my sleep Excuse me, said Snape icily. But I believe I am the Potions master at this school. There was a very awkward pause.