And I sneaked these spare robes out of the laundry, Hermione said, holding up a small sack. Youll need bigger sizes once youre Crabbe and Goyle. The three of them stared into the cauldron. Close up, the potion looked like thick, dark mud, bubbling sluggishly. Im sure Ive done everything right, said Hermione, nervously rereading the splotched page of Moste Potente Potions. It looks like the book says it should once weve drunk it, well have exactly an hour before we change back into ourselves. Now what? Ron whispered. We separate it into three glasses and add the hairs. Hermione ladled large dollops of the potion into each of the glasses. Then, her hand trembling, she shook Millicent Bulstrodes hair out of its bottle into the first glass. The potion hissed loudly like a boiling kettle and frothed madly. A second later, it had turned a sick sort of yellow. Urgh essence of Millicent Bulstrode, said Ron, eyeing it with loathing. Bet it tastes disgusting. Add yours, then, said Hermione. Harry dropped Goyles hair into the middle glass and Ron put Crabbes into the last one. Both glasses hissed and frothed Goyles turned the khaki color of a booger, Crabbes a dark, murky brown. P a g e 240 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Hang on, said Harry as Ron and Hermione reached for their glasses. Wed better not all drink them in here. Once we turn into Crabbe and Goyle we wont fit. And Millicent Bulstrodes no pixie. Good thinking, said Ron, unlocking the door. Well take separate stalls. Careful not to spill a drop of his Polyjuice Potion, Harry slipped into the middle stall. Ready? he called. Ready, came Rons and Hermiones voices. One two three Pinching his nose, Harry drank the potion down in two large gulps. It tasted like overcooked cabbage. Immediately, his insides started writhing as though hed just swallowed live snakes doubled up, he wondered whether he was going to be sick then a burning sensation spread rapidly from his stomach to the very ends of his fingers and toes next, bringing him gasping to all fours, came a horrible melting feeling, as the skin all over his body bubbled like hot wax and before his eyes, his hands began to grow, the fingers thickened, the nails broadened, the knuckles were bulging like bolts his shoulders stretched painfully and a prickling on his forehead told him that hair was creeping down toward his eyebrows his robes ripped as his chest expanded like a barrel bursting its hoops his feet were agony in shoes four sizes too small As suddenly as it had started, everything stopped. Harry lay facedown on the stonecold floor, listening to Myrtle gurgling morosely in the end toilet. With P a g e 241 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling difficulty, he kicked off his shoes and stood up. So this was what it felt like, being Goyle.