She was holding up a small, circular mirror. Harry and Ron shook their heads, both staring at Hermione. I will escort you back to Gryffindor Tower, said Professor McGonagall heavily. I need to address the students in any case. All students will return to their House common rooms by six oclock in the evening. No student is to leave the dormitories after that time. You will be escorted to each lesson by a teacher. No student is to use the bathroom unaccompanied by a teacher. All further Quidditch training and matches are to be postponed. There will be no more evening activities. The Gryffindors packed inside the common room listened to Professor McGonagall in silence. She rolled up the parchment from which she had been reading and said in a somewhat choked voice, I need hardly add that I have rarely been so distressed. It is likely that the school will be closed unless the culprit behind these attacks is caught. I would urge anyone who thinks they might know anything about them to come forward. She climbed somewhat awkwardly out of the portrait hole, and the Gryffindors began talking immediately. P a g e 286 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Thats two Gryffindors down, not counting a Gryffindor ghost, one Ravenclaw, and one Hufflepuff, said the Weasley twins friend Lee Jordan, counting on his fingers. Havent any of the teachers noticed that the Slytherins are all safe? Isnt it obvious all this stuffs coming from Slytherin? The Heir of Slytherin, the monster of Slytherin why dont they just chuck all the Slytherins out? he roared, to nods and scattered applause. Percy Weasley was sitting in a chair behind Lee, but for once he didnt seem keen to make his views heard. He was looking pale and stunned. Percys in shock, George told Harry quietly. That Ravenclaw girl Penelope Clearwater shes a prefect. I dont think he thought the monster would dare attack a prefect. But Harry was only halflistening. He didnt seem to be able to get rid of the picture of Hermione, lying on the hospital bed as though carved out of stone. And if the culprit wasnt caught soon, he was looking at a lifetime back with the Dursleys. Tom Riddle had turned Hagrid in because he was faced with the prospect of a Muggle orphanage if the school closed. Harry now knew exactly how he had felt. Whatre we going to do? said Ron quietly in Harrys ear. Dyou think they suspect Hagrid? Weve got to go and talk to him, said Harry, making up his mind. I cant believe its him this time, but if he set the monster loose last time hell know how to get inside the Chamber of Secrets, and thats a start. But McGonagall said weve got to stay in our tower unless were in class P a g e 287 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K.