I dont believe it, he said as the three of them examined the signature on the note. He didnt even look at the book we wanted. Thats because hes a brainless git, said Ron. But who cares, weve got what we needed He is not a brainless git, said Hermione shrilly as they half ran toward the library. Just because he said you were the best student of the year P a g e 182 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling They dropped their voices as they entered the muffled stillness of the library. Madam Pince, the librarian, was a thin, irritable woman who looked like an underfed vulture. Moste Potente Potions? she repeated suspiciously, trying to take the note from Hermione but Hermione wouldnt let go. I was wondering if I could keep it, she said breathlessly. Oh, come on, said Ron, wrenching it from her grasp and thrusting it at Madam Pince. Well get you another autograph. Lockhartll sign anything if it stands still long enough. Madam Pince held the note up to the light, as though determined to detect a forgery, but it passed the test. She stalked away between the lofty shelves and returned several minutes later carrying a large and moldylooking book. Hermione put it carefully into her bag and they left, trying not to walk too quickly or look too guilty. Five minutes later, they were barricaded in Moaning Myrtles outoforder bathroom once again. Hermione had overridden Rons objections by pointing out that it was the last place anyone in their right minds would go, so they were guaranteed some privacy. Moaning Myrtle was crying noisily in her stall, but they were ignoring her, and she them. Hermione opened Moste Potente Potions carefully, and the three of them bent over the dampspotted pages. It was clear from a glance why it belonged in the Restricted Section. Some of the potions had effects almost too gruesome to think about, and there were some very unpleasant illustrations, which included a P a g e 183 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling man who seemed to have been turned inside out and a witch sprouting several extra pairs of arms out of her head. Here it is, said Hermione excitedly as she found the page headed The Polyjuice Potion. It was decorated with drawings of people halfway through transforming into other people. Harry sincerely hoped the artist had imagined the looks of intense pain on their faces. This is the most complicated potion Ive ever seen, said Hermione as they scanned the recipe. Lacewing flies, leeches, fluxweed, and knotgrass, she murmured, running her finger down the list of ingredients. Well, theyre easy enough, theyre in the student storecupboard, we can help ourselves. Oooh, look, powdered horn of a bicorn dont know where were going to get that shredded skin of a boomslang thatll be tricky, too and of course a bit of whoever we want to change into. Excuse me?