Harry ducked as Fred swung at the Bludger with all his might the Bludger was knocked off course. Gotcha! Fred yelled happily, but he was wrong as though it was magnetically attracted to Harry, the Bludger pelted after him once more and Harry was forced to fly off at full speed. It had started to rain Harry felt heavy drops fall onto his face, splattering onto his glasses. He didnt have a clue what was going on in the rest of the game until he heard Lee Jordan, who was commentating, say, Slytherin lead, sixty points to zero The Slytherins superior brooms were clearly doing their jobs, and meanwhile the mad Bludger was doing all it could to knock Harry out of the air. Fred and George were now flying so close to him on either side that Harry could see nothing at all except their flailing arms and had no chance to look for the Snitch, let alone catch it. Someones tampered with this Bludger Fred grunted, swinging his bat with all his might at it as it launched a new attack on Harry. We need time out, said George, trying to signal to Wood and stop the Bludger breaking Harrys nose at the same time. Wood had obviously got the message. Madam Hoochs whistle rang out and Harry, Fred, and George dived for the ground, still trying to avoid the mad Bludger. Whats going on? said Wood as the Gryffindor team huddled together, while Slytherins in the crowd jeered. Were being flattened. Fred, George, where P a g e 188 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling were you when that Bludger stopped Angelina scoring? We were twenty feet above her, stopping the other Bludger from murdering Harry, Oliver, said George angrily. Someones fixed it it wont leave Harry alone. It hasnt gone for anyone else all game. The Slytherins must have done something to it. But the Bludgers have been locked in Madam Hoochs office since our last practice, and there was nothing wrong with them then. said Wood, anxiously. Madam Hooch was walking toward them. Over her shoulder, Harry could see the Slytherin team jeering and pointing in his direction. Listen, said Harry as she came nearer and nearer, with you two flying around me all the time the only way Im going to catch the Snitch is if it flies up my sleeve. Go back to the rest of the team and let me deal with the rogue one. Dont be thick, said Fred. Itll take your head off. Wood was looking from Harry to the Weasleys. Oliver, this is insane, said Alicia Spinnet angrily. You cant let Harry deal with that thing on his own. Lets ask for an inquiry If we stop now, well have to forfeit the match! said Harry. And were not losing to Slytherin just because of a crazy Bludger! Come on, Oliver, tell them to leave me alone!