Rowling clothes a pinstriped suit, a scarlet tie, a long black cloak, and pointed purple boots. Under his arm he carried a limegreen bowler. Thats Dads boss! Ron breathed. Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic! Harry elbowed Ron hard to make him shut up. Hagrid had gone pale and sweaty. He dropped into one of his chairs and looked from Dumbledore to Cornelius Fudge. Bad business, Hagrid, said Fudge in rather clipped tones. Very bad business. Had to come. Four attacks on Muggleborns. Thingsve gone far enough. Ministrys got to act. I never, said Hagrid, looking imploringly at Dumbledore. You know I never, Professor Dumbledore, sir I want it understood, Cornelius, that Hagrid has my full confidence, said Dumbledore, frowning at Fudge. Look, Albus, said Fudge, uncomfortably. Hagrids records against him. Ministrys got to do something the school governors have been in touch Yet again, Cornelius, I tell you that taking Hagrid away will not help in the slightest, said Dumbledore. His blue eyes were full of a fire Harry had never seen before. Look at it from my point of view, said Fudge, fidgeting with his bowler. Im under a lot of pressure. Got to be seen to be doing something. If it turns out it wasnt Hagrid, hell be back and no more said. But P a g e 290 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Ive got to take him. Got to. Wouldnt be doing my duty Take me? said Hagrid, who was trembling. Take me where? For a short stretch only, said Fudge, not meeting Hagrids eyes. Not a punishment, Hagrid, more a precaution. If someone else is caught, youll be let out with a full apology Not Azkaban? croaked Hagrid. Before Fudge could answer, there was another loud rap on the door. Dumbledore answered it. It was Harrys turn for an elbow in the ribs hed let out an audible gasp. Mr. Lucius Malfoy strode into Hagrids hut, swathed in a long black traveling cloak, smiling a cold and satisfied smile. Fang started to growl. Already here, Fudge, he said approvingly. Good, good Whatre you doin here? said Hagrid furiously. Get outta my house! My dear man, please believe me, I have no pleasure at all in being inside your er dyou call this a house? said Lucius Malfoy, sneering as he looked around the small cabin. I simply called at the school and was told that the headmaster was here. And what exactly did you want with me, Lucius? said Dumbledore. He spoke politely, but the fire was still blazing in his blue eyes. P a g e 291 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Dreadful thing, Dumbledore, said Malfoy lazily, taking out a long roll of parchment, but the governors feel its time for you to step aside. This is an Order of Suspension youll find all twelve signatures on it. Im afraid we feel youre losing your touch. How many attacks have there been now?