Surely surely they werent about to be punished? I seem to remember telling you both that I would have to expel you if you broke any more school rules, said Dumbledore. Ron opened his mouth in horror. Which goes to show that the best of us must sometimes eat our words, Dumbledore went on, smiling. You will both receive Special Awards for Services to the School and let me see yes, I think two hundred points apiece for Gryffindor. Ron went as brightly pink as Lockharts valentine flowers and closed his mouth again. But one of us seems to be keeping mightily quiet about his part in this dangerous adventure, Dumbledore added. Why so modest, Gilderoy? Harry gave a start. He had completely forgotten about Lockhart. He turned and saw that Lockhart was standing in a corner of the room, still wearing his vague smile. When Dumbledore addressed him, Lockhart looked over his shoulder to see who he was talking to. P a g e 368 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Professor Dumbledore, Ron said quickly, there was an accident down in the Chamber of Secrets. Professor Lockhart Am I a professor? said Lockhart in mild surprise. Goodness. I expect I was hopeless, was I? He tried to do a Memory Charm and the wand backfired, Ron explained quietly to Dumbledore. Dear me, said Dumbledore, shaking his head, his long silver mustache quivering. Impaled upon your own sword, Gilderoy! Sword? said Lockhart dimly. Havent got a sword. That boy has, though. He pointed at Harry. Hell lend you one. Would you mind taking Professor Lockhart up to the infirmary, too? Dumbledore said to Ron. Id like a few more words with Harry. Lockhart ambled out. Ron cast a curious look back at Dumbledore and Harry as he closed the door. Dumbledore crossed to one of the chairs by the fire. Sit down, Harry, he said, and Harry sat, feeling unaccountably nervous. First of all, Harry, I want to thank you, said Dumbledore, eyes twinkling again. You must have shown me real loyalty down in the Chamber. Nothing but that could have called Fawkes to you. He stroked the phoenix, which had fluttered down onto his knee. Harry grinned awkwardly as Dumbledore watched him. P a g e 369 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling And so you met Tom Riddle, said Dumbledore thoughtfully. I imagine he was most interested in you. Suddenly, something that was nagging at Harry came tumbling out of his mouth. Professor Dumbledore Riddle said Im like him. Strange likenesses, he said. Did he, now? said Dumbledore, looking thoughtfully at Harry from under his thick silver eyebrows. And what do you think, Harry? I dont think Im like him! said Harry, more loudly than hed intended. I mean, Im Im in Gryffindor, Im But he fell silent, a lurking doubt resurfacing in his mind. Professor, he started again after a moment.