They had brought cakes, sweets, and bottles of pumpkin juice they gathered around Harrys bed and were just getting started on what promised to be a good party when Madam Pomfrey came storming over, P a g e 195 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling shouting, This boy needs rest, hes got thirtythree bones to regrow! Out! OUT! And Harry was left alone, with nothing to distract him from the stabbing pains in his limp arm. Hours and hours later, Harry woke quite suddenly in the pitch blackness and gave a small yelp of pain His arm now felt full of large splinters. For a second, he thought that was what had woken him. Then, with a thrill of horror, he realized that someone was sponging his forehead in the dark. Get off! he said loudly, and then, Dobby! The houseelfs goggling tennis ball eyes were peering at Harry through the darkness. A single tear was running down his long, pointed nose. Harry Potter came back to school, he whispered miserably. Dobby warned and warned Harry Potter. Ah sir, why didnt you heed Dobby? Why didnt Harry Potter go back home when he missed the train? Harry heaved himself up on his pillows and pushed Dobbys sponge away. Whatre you doing here? he said. And how did you know I missed the train? Dobbys lip trembled and Harry was seized by a sudden suspicion. It was you! he said slowly. You stopped the barrier from letting us through! Indeed yes, sir, said Dobby, nodding his head vigorously, ears flapping. Dobby hid and watched for Harry Potter and sealed the gateway and Dobby had P a g e 196 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling to iron his hands afterward he showed Harry ten long, bandaged fingers but Dobby didnt care, sir, for he thought Harry Potter was safe, and never did Dobby dream that Harry Potter would get to school another way! He was rocking backward and forward, shaking his ugly head. Dobby was so shocked when he heard Harry Potter was back at Hogwarts, he let his masters dinner burn! Such a flogging Dobby never had, sir. Harry slumped back onto his pillows. You nearly got Ron and me expelled, he said fiercely. Youd better get lost before my bones come back, Dobby, or I might strangle you. Dobby smiled weakly. Dobby is used to death threats, sir. Dobby gets them five times a day at home. He blew his nose on a corner of the filthy pillowcase he wore, looking so pathetic that Harry felt his anger ebb away in spite of himself. Why dyou wear that thing, Dobby? he asked curiously. This, sir? said Dobby, plucking at the pillowcase. Tis a mark of the houseelfs enslavement, sir. Dobby can only be freed if his masters present him with clothes, sir.