said Ron in an unnaturally high voice. Its already heard Fang! The darkness seemed to be pressing on their eyeballs as they stood, terrified, waiting. There was a strange rumbling noise and then silence. What dyou think its doing? said Harry. P a g e 304 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Probably getting ready to pounce, said Ron. They waited, shivering, hardly daring to move. Dyou think its gone? Harry whispered. Dunno Then, to their right, came a sudden blaze of light, so bright in the darkness that both of them flung up their hands to shield their eyes. Fang yelped and tried to run, but got lodged in a tangle of thorns and yelped even louder. Harry! Ron shouted, his voice breaking with relief. Harry, its our car! What? Come on! Harry blundered after Ron toward the light, stumbling and tripping, and a moment later they had emerged into a clearing. Mr. Weasleys car was standing, empty, in the middle of a circle of thick trees under a roof of dense branches, its headlights ablaze. As Ron walked, openmouthed, toward it, it moved slowly toward him, exactly like a large, turquoise dog greeting its owner. Its been here all the time! said Ron delightedly, walking around the car. Look at it. The forests turned it wild. The sides of the car were scratched and smeared with mud. Apparently it had taken to trundling around the forest on its own. Fang didnt seem at all keen on it he kept close to Harry, who could feel him quivering. P a g e 305 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling His breathing slowing down again, Harry stuffed his wand back into his robes. And we thought it was going to attack us! said Ron, leaning against the car and patting it. I wondered where it had gone! Harry squinted around on the floodlit ground for signs of more spiders, but they had all scuttled away from the glare of the headlights. Weve lost the trail, he said. Cmon, lets go and find them. Ron didnt speak. He didnt move. His eyes were fixed on a point some ten feet above the forest floor, right behind Harry. His face was livid with terror. Harry didnt even have time to turn around. There was a loud clicking noise and suddenly he felt something long and hairy seize him around the middle and lift him off the ground, so that he was hanging facedown. Struggling, terrified, he heard more clicking, and saw Rons legs leave the ground, too, heard Fang whimpering and howling next moment, he was being swept away into the dark trees. Head hanging, Harry saw that what had hold of him was marching on six immensely long, hairy legs, the front two clutching him tightly below a pair of shining black pincers. Behind him, he could hear another of the creatures, no doubt carrying Ron. They were moving into the very heart of the forest.