You may go, Dumbledore said to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. They went, as quickly as they could without actually running. When they were a floor up from Lockharts office, they turned into an empty classroom and closed the door quietly behind them. Harry squinted at his friends darkened faces. Dyou think I should have told them about that voice I heard? P a g e 161 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling No, said Ron, without hesitation. Hearing voices no one else can hear isnt a good sign, even in the wizarding world. Something in Rons voice made Harry ask, You do believe me, dont you? Course I do, said Ron quickly. But you must admit its weird. I know its weird, said Harry. The whole things weird. What was that writing on the wall about? The Chamber Has Been Opened. Whats that supposed to mean? You know, it rings a sort of bell, said Ron slowly. I think someone told me a story about a secret chamber at Hogwarts once mightve been Bill. And what on earths a Squib? said Harry. To his surprise, Ron stifled a snigger. Well its not funny really but as its Filch, he said. A Squib is someone who was born into a wizarding family but hasnt got any magic powers. Kind of the opposite of Muggleborn wizards, but Squibs are quite unusual. If Filchs trying to learn magic from a Kwikspell course, I reckon he must be a Squib. It would explain a lot. Like why he hates students so much. Ron gave a satisfied smile. Hes bitter. A clock chimed somewhere. Midnight, said Harry. Wed better get to bed before Snape comes along and tries to frame us for something else. P a g e 162 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling For a few days, the school could talk of little else but the attack on Mrs. Norris. Filch kept it fresh in everyones minds by pacing the spot where she had been attacked, as though he thought the attacker might come back. Harry had seen him scrubbing the message on the wall with Mrs. Skowers AllPurpose Magical Mess Remover, but to no effect the words still gleamed as brightly as ever on the stone. When Filch wasnt guarding the scene of the crime, he was skulking redeyed through the corridors, lunging out at unsuspecting students and trying to put them in detention for things like breathing loudly and looking happy. Ginny Weasley seemed very disturbed by Mrs. Norriss fate. According to Ron, she was a great cat lover. But you havent really got to know Mrs. Norris, Ron told her bracingly. Honestly, were much better off without her. Ginnys lip trembled. Stuff like this doesnt often happen at Hogwarts, Ron assured her. Theyll catch the maniac who did it and have him out of here in no time. I just hope hes got time to Petrify Filch before hes expelled.