Help me, help me, Harry muttered wildly, someone anyone The snakes tail whipped across the floor again. Harry ducked. Something soft hit his face. The basilisk had swept the Sorting Hat into Harrys arms. Harry seized it. It was all he had left, his only chance he rammed it onto his head and threw himself flat onto the floor as the basilisks tail swung over him again. P a g e 355 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Help me help me Harry thought, his eyes screwed tight under the hat. Please help me There was no answering voice. Instead, the hat contracted, as though an invisible hand was squeezing it very tightly. Something very hard and heavy thudded onto the top of Harrys head, almost knocking him out. Stars winking in front of his eyes, he grabbed the top of the hat to pull it off and felt something long and hard beneath it. A gleaming silver sword had appeared inside the hat, its handle glittering with rubies the size of eggs. KILL THE BOY! LEAVE THE BIRD! THE BOY IS BEHIND YOU! SNIFF SMELL HIM! Harry was on his feet, ready. The basilisks head was falling, its body coiling around, hitting pillars as it twisted to face him. He could see the vast, bloody eye sockets, see the mouth stretching wide, wide enough to swallow him whole, lined with fangs long as his sword, thin, glittering, venomous It lunged blindly Harry dodged and it hit the Chamber wall. It lunged again, and its forked tongue lashed Harrys side. He raised the sword in both his hands The basilisk lunged again, and this time its aim was true Harry threw his whole weight behind the sword and drove it to the hilt into the roof of the serpents mouth But as warm blood drenched Harrys arms, he felt a searing pain just above his elbow. One long, poisonous fang was sinking deeper and deeper into P a g e 356 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling his arm and it splintered as the basilisk keeled over sideways and fell, twitching, to the floor. Harry slid down the wall. He gripped the fang that was spreading poison through his body and wrenched it out of his arm. But he knew it was too late. White hot pain was spreading slowly and steadily from the wound. Even as he dropped the fang and watched his own blood soaking his robes, his vision went foggy. The Chamber was dissolving in a whirl of dull color. A patch of scarlet swam past, and Harry heard a soft clatter of claws beside him. Fawkes, said Harry thickly. You were fantastic, Fawkes. He felt the bird lay its beautiful head on the spot where the serpents fang had pierced him. He could hear echoing footsteps and then a dark shadow moved in front of him. Youre dead, Harry Potter, said Riddles voice above him. Dead. Even Dumbledores bird knows it.