His memorys gone, said Ron. The Memory Charm backfired. Hit him instead of us. Hasnt got a clue who he is, or where he is, or who we are. I told him to come and wait here. Hes a danger to himself. Lockhart peered goodnaturedly up at them all. Hello, he said. Odd sort of place, this, isnt it? Do you live here? No, said Ron, raising his eyebrows at Harry. Harry bent down and looked up the long, dark pipe. Have you thought how were going to get back up this? he said to Ron. P a g e 361 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Ron shook his head, but Fawkes the phoenix had swooped past Harry and was now fluttering in front of him, his beady eyes bright in the dark. He was waving his long golden tail feathers. Harry looked uncertainly at him. He looks like he wants you to grab hold said Ron, looking perplexed. But youre much too heavy for a bird to pull up there Fawkes, said Harry, isnt an ordinary bird. He turned quickly to the others. Weve got to hold on to each other. Ginny, grab Rons hand. Professor Lockhart He means you, said Ron sharply to Lockhart. You hold Ginnys other hand Harry tucked the sword and the Sorting Hat into his belt, Ron took hold of the back of Harrys robes, and Harry reached out and took hold of Fawkess strangely hot tail feathers. An extraordinary lightness seemed to spread through his whole body and the next second, in a rush of wings, they were flying upward through the pipe. Harry could hear Lockhart dangling below him, saying, Amazing! Amazing! This is just like magic! The chill air was whipping through Harrys hair, and before hed stopped enjoying the ride, it was over all four of them were hitting the wet floor of Moaning Myrtles bathroom, and as Lockhart straightened his hat, the sink that hid the pipe was sliding back into place. Myrtle goggled at them. Youre alive, she said blankly to Harry. P a g e 362 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Theres no need to sound so disappointed, he said grimly, wiping flecks of blood and slime off his glasses. Oh, well Id just been thinking if you had died, youd have been welcome to share my toilet, said Myrtle, blushing silver. Urgh! said Ron as they left the bathroom for the dark, deserted corridor outside. Harry! I think Myrtles grown fond of you! Youve got competition, Ginny! But tears were still flooding silently down Ginnys face. Where now? said Ron, with an anxious look at Ginny. Harry pointed. Fawkes was leading the way, glowing gold along the corridor. They strode after him, and moments later, found themselves outside Professor McGonagalls office. Harry knocked and pushed the door open. P a g e 363 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K.