P a g e 32 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry told them all about Dobby, the warning hed given Harry and the fiasco of the violet pudding. There was a long, shocked silence when he had finished. Very fishy, said Fred finally. Definitely dodgy, agreed George. So he wouldnt even tell you whos supposed to be plotting all this stuff? I dont think he could, said Harry. I told you, every time he got close to letting something slip, he started banging his head against the wall. He saw Fred and George look at each other. What, you think he was lying to me? said Harry. Well, said Fred, put it this way houseelves have got powerful magic of their own, but they cant usually use it without their masters permission. I reckon old Dobby was sent to stop you coming back to Hogwarts. Someones idea of a joke. Can you think of anyone at school with a grudge against you? Yes, said Harry and Ron together, instantly. Draco Malfoy, Harry explained. He hates me. Draco Malfoy? said George, turning around. Not Lucius Malfoys son? Must be, its not a very common name, is it? said Harry. Why? Ive heard Dad talking about him, said George. He was a big supporter of YouKnowWho. P a g e 33 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling And when YouKnowWho disappeared, said Fred, craning around to look at Harry, Lucius Malfoy came back saying hed never meant any of it. Load of dung Dad reckons he was right in YouKnowWhos inner circle. Harry had heard these rumors about Malfoys family before, and they didnt surprise him at all. Malfoy made Dudley Dursley look like a kind, thoughtful, and sensitive boy. I dont know whether the Malfoys own a houseelf. said Harry. Well, whoever owns him will be an old wizarding family, and theyll be rich, said Fred. Yeah, Mums always wishing we had a houseelf to do the ironing, said George. But all weve got is a lousy old ghoul in the attic and gnomes all over the garden. Houseelves come with big old manors and castles and places like that you wouldnt catch one in our house. Harry was silent. Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of everything, his family was rolling in wizard gold he could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house. Sending the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do. Had Harry been stupid to take Dobby seriously? Im glad we came to get you, anyway, said Ron. I was getting really worried when you didnt answer any of my letters. I thought it was Errols fault at first Whos Errol? P a g e 34 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Our owl. Hes ancient. It wouldnt be the first time hed collapsed on a delivery.