When Harry got outside again, he found Ron being violently sick in the pumpkin patch. Follow the spiders, said Ron weakly, wiping his mouth on his sleeve. Ill never forgive Hagrid. Were lucky to be alive. I bet he thought Aragog wouldnt hurt friends of his, said Harry. Thats exactly Hagrids problem! said Ron, thumping the wall of the cabin. He always thinks monsters arent as bad as theyre made out, and look where its got him! A cell in Azkaban! He was shivering uncontrollably now. What was the point of sending us in there? What have we found out, Id like to know? That Hagrid never opened the Chamber of Secrets, said Harry, throwing the cloak over Ron and prodding him in the arm to make him walk. He was innocent. P a g e 312 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Ron gave a loud snort. Evidently, hatching Aragog in a cupboard wasnt his idea of being innocent. As the castle loomed nearer Harry twitched the cloak to make sure their feet were hidden, then pushed the creaking front doors ajar. They walked carefully back across the entrance hall and up the marble staircase, holding their breath as they passed corridors where watchful sentries were walking. At last they reached the safety of the Gryffindor common room, where the fire had burned itself into glowing ash. They took off the cloak and climbed the winding stair to their dormitory. Ron fell onto his bed without bothering to get undressed. Harry, however, didnt feel very sleepy. He sat on the edge of his fourposter, thinking hard about everything Aragog had said. The creature that was lurking somewhere in the castle, he thought, sounded like a sort of monster Voldemort even other monsters didnt want to name it. But he and Ron were no closer to finding out what it was, or how it Petrified its victims. Even Hagrid had never known what was in the Chamber of Secrets. Harry swung his legs up onto his bed and leaned back against his pillows, watching the moon glinting at him through the tower window. He couldnt see what else they could do. They had hit dead ends everywhere. Riddle had caught the wrong person, the Heir of Slytherin had got off, and no one could tell whether it was the same person, or a different one, who had opened the Chamber this time. There was nobody else to ask. Harry lay down, still thinking about what Aragog had said. P a g e 313 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling He was becoming drowsy when what seemed like their very last hope occurred to him, and he suddenly sat bolt upright. Ron, he hissed through the dark, Ron Ron woke with a yelp like Fangs, stared wildly around, and saw Harry. Ron that girl who died. Aragog said she was found in a bathroom, said Harry, ignoring Nevilles snuffling snores from the corner.