Stifflegged and still yawning, his team followed. They had been in the locker room so long that the sun was up completely now, although remnants of mist hung over the grass in the stadium. As Harry walked onto the field, he saw Ron and Hermione sitting in the stands. Arent you finished yet? called Ron incredulously. Havent even started, said Harry, looking jealously at the toast and marmalade Ron and Hermione had brought out of the Great Hall. Woods been teaching us new moves. He mounted his broomstick and kicked at the ground, soaring up into the air. The cool morning air whipped his face, waking him far more effectively than Woods long talk. It felt wonderful to be back on the Quidditch field. He soared right around the stadium at full speed, racing Fred and George. P a g e 121 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Whats that funny clicking noise? called Fred as they hurtled around the corner. Harry looked into the stands. Colin was sitting in one of the highest seats, his camera raised, taking picture after picture, the sound strangely magnified in the deserted stadium. Look this way, Harry! This way! he cried shrilly. Whos that? said Fred. No idea, Harry lied, putting on a spurt of speed that took him as far away as possible from Colin. Whats going on? said Wood, frowning, as he skimmed through the air toward them. Whys that first year taking pictures? I dont like it. He could be a Slytherin spy, trying to find out about our new training program. Hes in Gryffindor, said Harry quickly. And the Slytherins dont need a spy, Oliver, said George. What makes you say that? said Wood testily. Because theyre here in person, said George, pointing. Several people in green robes were walking onto the field, broomsticks in their hands. I dont believe it! Wood hissed in outrage. I booked the field for today! Well see about this! P a g e 122 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Wood shot toward the ground, landing rather harder than he meant to in his anger, staggering slightly as he dismounted. Harry, Fred, and George followed. Flint! Wood bellowed at the Slytherin Captain. This is our practice time! We got up specially! You can clear off now! Marcus Flint was even larger than Wood. He had a look of trollish cunning on his face as he replied, Plenty of room for all of us, Wood. Angelina, Alicia, and Katie had come over, too. There were no girls on the Slytherin team, who stood shoulder to shoulder, facing the Gryffindors, leering to a man. But I booked the field! said Wood, positively spitting with rage. I booked it! Ah, said Flint. But Ive got a specially signed note here from Professor Snape. I, Professor S. Snape, give the Slytherin team permission to practice today on the Quidditch field owing to the need to train their new Seeker.