Rowling Ron started to say that he didnt think so, somehow, but stopped in midsentence when Harry kicked him hard under the desk. We werent there, remember? Harry muttered. But Lockharts disgusting cheeriness, his hints that he had always thought Hagrid was no good, his confidence that the whole business was now at an end, irritated Harry so much that he yearned to throw Gadding with Ghouls right in Lockharts stupid face. Instead he contented himself with scrawling a note to Ron Lets do it tonight. Ron read the message, swallowed hard, and looked sideways at the empty seat usually filled by Hermione. The sight seemed to stiffen his resolve, and he nodded. The Gryffindor common room was always very crowded these days, because from six oclock onward the Gryffindors had nowhere else to go. They also had plenty to talk about, with the result that the common room often didnt empty until past midnight. Harry went to get the Invisibility Cloak out of his trunk right after dinner, and spent the evening sitting on it, waiting for the room to clear. Fred and George challenged Harry and Ron to a few games of Exploding Snap, and Ginny sat watching them, very subdued in Hermiones usual chair. Harry and Ron kept losing on purpose, trying to finish the games quickly, but even so, it was well past midnight when Fred, George, and Ginny finally went to bed. Harry and Ron waited for the distant sounds of two dormitory doors closing before seizing the cloak, P a g e 301 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling throwing it over themselves, and climbing through the portrait hole. It was another difficult journey through the castle, dodging all the teachers. At last they reached the entrance hall, slid back the lock on the oak front doors, squeezed between them, trying to stop any creaking, and stepped out into the moonlit grounds. Course, said Ron abruptly as they strode across the black grass, we might get to the forest and find theres nothing to follow. Those spiders might notve been going there at all. I know it looked like they were moving in that sort of general direction, but His voice trailed away hopefully. They reached Hagrids house, sad and sorrylooking with its blank windows. When Harry pushed the door open, Fang went mad with joy at the sight of them. Worried he might wake everyone at the castle with his deep, booming barks, they hastily fed him treacle toffee from a tin on the mantelpiece, which glued his teeth together. Harry left the Invisibility Cloak on Hagrids table. There would be no need for it in the pitchdark forest. Cmon, Fang, were going for a walk, said Harry, patting his leg, and Fang bounded happily out of the house behind them, dashed to the edge of the forest, and lifted his leg against a large sycamore tree. Harry took out his wand, murmured, Lumos!