Maybe hes left, said Harry, because he missed out on the Defense Against the Dark Arts job again! Or he might have been sacked! said Ron enthusiastically. I mean, everyone hates him Or maybe, said a very cold voice right behind them, hes waiting to hear why you two didnt arrive on the school train. Harry spun around. There, his black robes rippling in a cold breeze, stood Severus Snape. He was a thin man with sallow skin, a hooked nose, and greasy, shoulderlength black hair, and at this moment, he was smiling in a way that told Harry he and Ron were in very deep trouble. Follow me, said Snape. Not daring even to look at each other, Harry and Ron followed Snape up the steps into the vast, echoing entrance hall, which was lit with flaming torches. A delicious smell of food was wafting from the Great Hall, but Snape led them away from the warmth and light, down a narrow stone staircase that led into the dungeons. In! he said, opening a door halfway down the cold passageway and pointing. They entered Snapes office, shivering. The shadowy walls were lined with shelves of large glass jars, in which floated all manner of revolting things Harry didnt really want to know the name of at the moment. The fireplace was dark and empty. Snape closed the door and turned to look at them. P a g e 87 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling So, he said softly, the train isnt good enough for the famous Harry Potter and his faithful sidekick, Weasley. Wanted to arrive with a bang, did we, boys? No, sir, it was the barrier at Kings Cross, it Silence! said Snape coldly. What have you done with the car? Ron gulped. This wasnt the first time Snape had given Harry the impression of being able to read minds. But a moment later, he understood, as Snape unrolled todays issue of the Evening Prophet. You were seen, he hissed, showing them the headline FLYING FORD ANGLIA MYSTIFIES MUGGLES. He began to read aloud Two Muggles in London, convinced they saw an old car flying over the Post Office tower at noon in Norfolk, Mrs. Hetty Bayliss, while hanging out her washing Mr. Angus Fleet, of Peebles, reported to police Six or seven Muggles in all. I believe your father works in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office? he said, looking up at Ron and smiling still more nastily. Dear, dear his own son Harry felt as though hed just been walloped in the stomach by one of the mad trees larger branches. If anyone found out Mr. Weasley had bewitched the car he hadnt thought of that. I noticed, in my search of the park, that considerable damage seems to have been done to a very valuable Whomping Willow, Snape went on. That tree did more damage to us than we Ron blurted out.