Dyou think theres any chance at all shes not you know Harry didnt know what to say. He couldnt see how Ginny could still be alive. Dyou know what? said Ron. I think we should go and see Lockhart. Tell him what we know. Hes going to try and get into the Chamber. We can tell him where we think it is, and tell him its a basilisk in there. Because Harry couldnt think of anything else to do, and because he wanted to be doing something, he agreed. The Gryffindors around them were so miserable, and felt so sorry for the Weasleys, that nobody tried to stop them as they got up, crossed the room, and left through the portrait hole. Darkness was falling as they walked down to Lockharts office. There seemed to be a lot of activity P a g e 329 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling going on inside it. They could hear scraping, thumps, and hurried footsteps. Harry knocked and there was a sudden silence from inside. Then the door opened the tiniest crack and they saw one of Lockharts eyes peering through it. Oh Mr. Potter Mr. Weasley he said, opening the door a bit wider. Im rather busy at the moment if you would be quick Professor, weve got some information for you, said Harry. We think itll help you. Er well its not terribly The side of Lockharts face that they could see looked very uncomfortable. I mean well all right He opened the door and they entered. His office had been almost completely stripped. Two large trunks stood open on the floor. Robes, jade green, lilac, midnightblue, had been hastily folded into one of them books were jumbled untidily into the other. The photographs that had covered the walls were now crammed into boxes on the desk. Are you going somewhere? said Harry. Er, well, yes, said Lockhart, ripping a lifesize poster of himself from the back of the door as he spoke and starting to roll it up. Urgent call unavoidable got to go What about my sister? said Ron jerkily. Well, as to that most unfortunate said Lockhart, avoiding their eyes as he wrenched open a P a g e 330 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling drawer and started emptying the contents into a bag. No one regrets more than I Youre the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher! said Harry. You cant go now! Not with all the Dark stuff going on here! Well I must say when I took the job Lockhart muttered, now piling socks on top of his robes. nothing in the job description didnt expect You mean youre running away? said Harry disbelievingly. After all that stuff you did in your books Books can be misleading, said Lockhart delicately. You wrote them! Harry shouted. My dear boy, said Lockhart, straightening up and frowning at Harry. Do use your common sense.