So then I tried to borrow Hermes Who? The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was made prefect, said Fred from the front. But Percy wouldnt lend him to me, said Ron. Said he needed him. Percys been acting very oddly this summer, said George, frowning. And he has been sending a lot of letters and spending a load of time shut up in his room. I mean, theres only so many times you can polish a prefect badge. Youre driving too far west, Fred, he added, pointing at a compass on the dashboard. Fred twiddled the steering wheel. So, does your dad know youve got the car? said Harry, guessing the answer. Er, no, said Ron, he had to work tonight. Hopefully well be able to get it back in the garage without Mum noticing we flew it. What does your dad do at the Ministry of Magic, anyway? He works in the most boring department, said Ron. The Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office. The what? Its all to do with bewitching things that are Muggle made, you know, in case they end up back in a Muggle shop or house. Like, last year, some old witch died and her tea set was sold to an antiques shop. P a g e 35 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling This Muggle woman bought it, took it home, and tried to serve her friends tea in it. It was a nightmare Dad was working overtime for weeks. What happened? The teapot went berserk and squirted boiling tea all over the place and one man ended up in the hospital with the sugar tongs clamped to his nose. Dad was going frantic its only him and an old warlock called Perkins in the office and they had to do Memory Charms and all sorts of stuff to cover it up But your dad this car Fred laughed. Yeah, Dads crazy about everything to do with Muggles our sheds full of Muggle stuff. He takes it apart, puts spells on it, and puts it back together again. If he raided our house hed have to put himself under arrest. It drives Mum mad. Thats the main road, said George, peering down through the windshield. Well be there in ten minutes. Just as well, its getting light. A faint pinkish glow was visible along the horizon to the east. Fred brought the car lower, and Harry saw a dark patchwork of fields and clumps of trees. Were a little way outside the village, said George. Ottery St. Catchpole. Lower and lower went the flying car. The edge of a brilliant red sun was now gleaming through the trees. P a g e 36 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Touchdown! said Fred as, with a slight bump, they hit the ground. They had landed next to a tumbledown garage in a small yard, and Harry looked out for the first time at Rons house.