Hagrids face was entirely hidden by a woolly, snow covered balaclava, but it couldnt possibly be anyone P a g e 223 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling else, as he filled most of the corridor in his moleskin overcoat. A dead rooster was hanging from one of his massive, gloved hands. All righ, Harry? he said, pulling up the balaclava so he could speak. Why arent yeh in class? Canceled, said Harry, getting up. Whatre you doing in here? Hagrid held up the limp rooster. Second one killed this term, he explained. Its either foxes or a BloodSuckin Bugbear, an I need the headmasters permission ter put a charm around the hen coop. He peered more closely at Harry from under his thick, snowflecked eyebrows. Yeh sure yehre all righ? Yeh look all hot an bothered Harry couldnt bring himself to repeat what Ernie and the rest of the Hufflepuffs had been saying about him. Its nothing, he said. Id better get going, Hagrid, its Transfiguration next and Ive got to pick up my books. He walked off, his mind still full of what Ernie had said about him. Justins been waiting for something like this to happen ever since he let slip to Potter he was Muggle born. Harry stamped up the stairs and turned along another corridor, which was particularly dark the P a g e 224 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling torches had been extinguished by a strong, icy draft that was blowing through a loose windowpane. He was halfway down the passage when he tripped headlong over something lying on the floor. He turned to squint at what hed fallen over and felt as though his stomach had dissolved. Justin FinchFletchley was lying on the floor, rigid and cold, a look of shock frozen on his face, his eyes staring blankly at the ceiling. And that wasnt all. Next to him was another figure, the strangest sight Harry had ever seen. It was Nearly Headless Nick, no longer pearlywhite and transparent, but black and smoky, floating immobile and horizontal, six inches off the floor. His head was half off and his face wore an expression of shock identical to Justins. Harry got to his feet, his breathing fast and shallow, his heart doing a kind of drumroll against his ribs. He looked wildly up and down the deserted corridor and saw a line of spiders scuttling as fast as they could away from the bodies. The only sounds were the muffled voices of teachers from the classes on either side. He could run, and no one would ever know he had been there. But he couldnt just leave them lying here. He had to get help. Would anyone believe he hadnt had anything to do with this? As he stood there, panicking, a door right next to him opened with a bang. Peeves the Poltergeist came shooting out.