We havent seen her for ages, Professor, Harry went on hurriedly, treading on Rons foot, and we thought wed sneak into the hospital wing, you know, and tell her the Mandrakes are nearly ready and, er, not to worry Professor McGonagall was still staring at him, and for a moment, Harry thought she was going to explode, but when she spoke, it was in a strangely croaky voice. Of course, she said, and Harry, amazed, saw a tear glistening in her beady eye. Of course, I realize this has all been hardest on the friends of those who have been I quite understand. Yes, Potter, of course you may visit Miss Granger. I will inform Professor Binns where youve gone. Tell Madam Pomfrey I have given my permission. Harry and Ron walked away, hardly daring to believe that theyd avoided detention. As they turned the corner, they distinctly heard Professor McGonagall blow her nose. P a g e 321 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling That, said Ron fervently, was the best story youve ever come up with. They had no choice now but to go to the hospital wing and tell Madam Pomfrey that they had Professor McGonagalls permission to visit Hermione. Madam Pomfrey let them in, but reluctantly. Theres just no point talking to a Petrified person, she said, and they had to admit she had a point when theyd taken their seats next to Hermione. It was plain that Hermione didnt have the faintest inkling that she had visitors, and that they might just as well tell her bedside cabinet not to worry for all the good it would do. Wonder if she did see the attacker, though? said Ron, looking sadly at Hermiones rigid face. Because if he sneaked up on them all, no onell ever know. But Harry wasnt looking at Hermiones face. He was more interested in her right hand. It lay clenched on top of her blankets, and bending closer, he saw that a piece of paper was scrunched inside her fist. Making sure that Madam Pomfrey was nowhere near, he pointed this out to Ron. Try and get it out, Ron whispered, shifting his chair so that he blocked Harry from Madam Pomfreys view. It was no easy task. Hermiones hand was clamped so tightly around the paper that Harry was sure he was going to tear it. While Ron kept watch he tugged and twisted, and at last, after several tense minutes, the paper came free. P a g e 322 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling It was a page torn from a very old library book. Harry smoothed it out eagerly and Ron leaned close to read it, too. Of the many fearsome beasts and monsters that roam our land, there is none more curious or more deadly than the Basilisk, known also as the King of Serpents.