Do you see what hes doing, Potter? Hes crying. Harry blinked. Fawkess head slid in and out of focus. Thick, pearly tears were trickling down the glossy feathers. Im going to sit here and watch you die, Harry Potter. Take your time. Im in no hurry. Harry felt drowsy. Everything around him seemed to be spinning. So ends the famous Harry Potter, said Riddles distant voice. Alone in the Chamber of Secrets, forsaken by his friends, defeated at last by the Dark Lord he so unwisely challenged. Youll be back with P a g e 357 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling your dear Mudblood mother soon, Harry. She bought you twelve years of borrowed time but Lord Voldemort got you in the end, as you knew he must. If this is dying, thought Harry, its not so bad. Even the pain was leaving him. But was this dying? Instead of going black, the Chamber seemed to be coming back into focus. Harry gave his head a little shake and there was Fawkes, still resting his head on Harrys arm. A pearly patch of tears was shining all around the wound except that there was no wound Get away, bird, said Riddles voice suddenly. Get away from him I said, get away Harry raised his head. Riddle was pointing Harrys wand at Fawkes there was a bang like a gun, and Fawkes took flight again in a whirl of gold and scarlet. Phoenix tears said Riddle quietly, staring at Harrys arm. Of course healing powers I forgot He looked into Harrys face. But it makes no difference. In fact, I prefer it this way. Just you and me, Harry Potter you and me. He raised the wand Then, in a rush of wings, Fawkes had soared back overhead and something fell into Harrys lap the diary. For a split second, both Harry and Riddle, wand still raised, stared at it. Then, without thinking, without P a g e 358 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling considering, as though he had meant to do it all along, Harry seized the basilisk fang on the floor next to him and plunged it straight into the heart of the book. There was a long, dreadful, piercing scream. Ink spurted out of the diary in torrents, streaming over Harrys hands, flooding the floor. Riddle was writhing and twisting, screaming and flailing and then He had gone. Harrys wand fell to the floor with a clatter and there was silence. Silence except for the steady drip drip of ink still oozing from the diary. The basilisk venom had burned a sizzling hole right through it. Shaking all over, Harry pulled himself up. His head was spinning as though hed just traveled miles by Floo powder. Slowly, he gathered together his wand and the Sorting Hat, and, with a huge tug, retrieved the glittering sword from the roof of the basilisks mouth.