Rowling We cant, said Ron gloomily. We keep all our old subjects, or Idve ditched Defense Against the Dark Arts. But thats very important! said Hermione, shocked. Not the way Lockhart teaches it, said Ron. I havent learned anything from him except not to set pixies loose. Neville Longbottom had been sent letters from all the witches and wizards in his family, all giving him different advice on what to choose. Confused and worried, he sat reading the subject lists with his tongue poking out, asking people whether they thought Arithmancy sounded more difficult than the study of Ancient Runes. Dean Thomas, who, like Harry, had grown up with Muggles, ended up closing his eyes and jabbing his wand at the list, then picking the subjects it landed on. Hermione took nobodys advice but signed up for everything. Harry smiled grimly to himself at the thought of what Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia would say if he tried to discuss his career in wizardry with them. Not that he didnt get any guidance Percy Weasley was eager to share his experience. Depends where you want to go, Harry, he said. Its never too early to think about the future, so Id recommend Divination. People say Muggle Studies is a soft option, but I personally think wizards should have a thorough understanding of the nonmagical community, particularly if theyre thinking of working in close contact with them look at my father, he has to deal with Muggle business all the time. My brother Charlie was always more of an outdoor type, so he went for Care of Magical Creatures. Play to your strengths, Harry. P a g e 280 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling But the only thing Harry felt he was really good at was Quidditch. In the end, he chose the same new subjects as Ron, feeling that if he was lousy at them, at least hed have someone friendly to help him. Gryffindors next Quidditch match would be against Hufflepuff. Wood was insisting on team practices every night after dinner, so that Harry barely had time for anything but Quidditch and homework. However, the training sessions were getting better, or at least drier, and the evening before Saturdays match he went up to his dormitory to drop off his broomstick feeling Gryffindors chances for the Quidditch Cup had never been better. But his cheerful mood didnt last long. At the top of the stairs to the dormitory, he met Neville Longbottom, who was looking frantic. Harry I dont know who did it I just found Watching Harry fearfully, Neville pushed open the door. The contents of Harrys trunk had been thrown everywhere. His cloak lay ripped on the floor. The bedclothes had been pulled off his fourposter and the drawer had been pulled out of his bedside cabinet, the contents strewn over the mattress. Harry walked over to the bed, openmouthed, treading on a few loose pages of Travels with Trolls.