P a g e 189 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling This is all your fault, George said angrily to Wood. Get the Snitch or die trying, what a stupid thing to tell him Madam Hooch had joined them. Ready to resume play? she asked Wood. Wood looked at the determined look on Harrys face. All right, he said. Fred, George, you heard Harry leave him alone and let him deal with the Bludger on his own. The rain was falling more heavily now. On Madam Hoochs whistle, Harry kicked hard into the air and heard the telltale whoosh of the Bludger behind him. Higher and higher Harry climbed he looped and swooped, spiraled, zigzagged, and rolled. Slightly dizzy, he nevertheless kept his eyes wide open, rain was speckling his glasses and ran up his nostrils as he hung upside down, avoiding another fierce dive from the Bludger. He could hear laughter from the crowd he knew he must look very stupid, but the rogue Bludger was heavy and couldnt change direction as quickly as Harry could he began a kind of rollercoaster ride around the edges of the stadium, squinting through the silver sheets of rain to the Gryffindor goal posts, where Adrian Pucey was trying to get past Wood A whistling in Harrys ear told him the Bludger had just missed him again he turned right over and sped in the opposite direction. Training for the ballet, Potter? yelled Malfoy as Harry was forced to do a stupid kind of twirl in midair to dodge the Bludger, and he fled, the Bludger trailing a few feet behind him and then, glaring back at P a g e 190 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Malfoy in hatred, he saw it the Golden Snitch. It was hovering inches above Malfoys left ear and Malfoy, busy laughing at Harry, hadnt seen it. For an agonizing moment, Harry hung in midair, not daring to speed toward Malfoy in case he looked up and saw the Snitch. WHAM. He had stayed still a second too long. The Bludger had hit him at last, smashed into his elbow, and Harry felt his arm break. Dimly, dazed by the searing pain in his arm, he slid sideways on his rain drenched broom, one knee still crooked over it, his right arm dangling useless at his side the Bludger came pelting back for a second attack, this time aiming at his face Harry swerved out of the way, one idea firmly lodged in his numb brain get to Malfoy. Through a haze of rain and pain he dived for the shimmering, sneering face below him and saw its eyes widen with fear Malfoy thought Harry was attacking him. What the he gasped, careening out of Harrys way.