Lockhart, wearing lurid pink robes to match the decorations, was waving for silence. The teachers on either side of him were looking stonyfaced. From where he sat, Harry could see a muscle going in Professor McGonagalls cheek. Snape looked as though someone had just fed him a large beaker of SkeleGro. Happy Valentines Day! Lockhart shouted. And may I thank the fortysix people who have so far sent me cards! Yes, I have taken the liberty of arranging this little surprise for you all and it doesnt end here! Lockhart clapped his hands and through the doors to the entrance hall marched a dozen surlylooking dwarfs. Not just any dwarfs, however. Lockhart had them all wearing golden wings and carrying harps. My friendly, cardcarrying cupids! beamed Lockhart. They will be roving around the school today delivering your valentines! And the fun doesnt stop here! Im sure my colleagues will want to enter into the spirit of the occasion! Why not ask Professor Snape to show you how to whip up a Love Potion! And while youre at it, Professor Flitwick knows more about Entrancing Enchantments than any wizard Ive ever met, the sly old dog! Professor Flitwick buried his face in his hands. Snape was looking as though the first person to ask him for a Love Potion would be forcefed poison. P a g e 263 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Please, Hermione, tell me you werent one of the fortysix, said Ron as they left the Great Hall for their first lesson. Hermione suddenly became very interested in searching her bag for her schedule and didnt answer. All day long, the dwarfs kept barging into their classes to deliver valentines, to the annoyance of the teachers, and late that afternoon as the Gryffindors were walking upstairs for Charms, one of the dwarfs caught up with Harry. Oy, you! Arry Potter! shouted a particularly grim looking dwarf, elbowing people out of the way to get to Harry. Hot all over at the thought of being given a valentine in front of a line of first years, which happened to include Ginny Weasley, Harry tried to escape. The dwarf, however, cut his way through the crowd by kicking peoples shins, and reached him before hed gone two paces. Ive got a musical message to deliver to Arry Potter in person, he said, twanging his harp in a threatening sort of way. Not here, Harry hissed, trying to escape. Stay still! grunted the dwarf, grabbing hold of Harrys bag and pulling him back. Let me go! Harry snarled, tugging. With a loud ripping noise, his bag split in two. His books, wand, parchment, and quill spilled onto the floor and his ink bottle smashed over everything. P a g e 264 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry scrambled around, trying to pick it all up before the dwarf started singing, causing something of a holdup in the corridor. Whats going on here?