Listen, if I hadnt told that snake not to attack Justin Oh, thats what you said to it? What dyou mean? You were there you heard me I heard you speaking Parseltongue, said Ron. Snake language. You could have been saying anything no wonder Justin panicked, you sounded like you were egging the snake on or something it was creepy, you know Harry gaped at him. I spoke a different language? But I didnt realize how can I speak a language without knowing I can speak it? Ron shook his head. Both he and Hermione were looking as though someone had died. Harry couldnt see what was so terrible. Dyou want to tell me whats wrong with stopping a massive snake biting off Justins head? he said. What does it matter how I did it as long as Justin doesnt have to join the Headless Hunt? It matters, said Hermione, speaking at last in a hushed voice, because being able to talk to snakes was what Salazar Slytherin was famous for. Thats why the symbol of Slytherin House is a serpent. P a g e 218 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harrys mouth fell open. Exactly, said Ron. And now the whole schools going to think youre his greatgreatgreatgreat grandson or something But Im not, said Harry, with a panic he couldnt quite explain. Youll find that hard to prove, said Hermione. He lived about a thousand years ago for all we know, you could be. Harry lay awake for hours that night. Through a gap in the curtains around his fourposter he watched snow starting to drift past the tower window and wondered Could he be a descendant of Salazar Slytherin? He didnt know anything about his fathers family, after all. The Dursleys had always forbidden questions about his wizarding relatives. Quietly, Harry tried to say something in Parseltongue. The words wouldnt come. It seemed he had to be facetoface with a snake to do it. But Im in Gryffindor, Harry thought. The Sorting Hat wouldnt have put me in here if I had Slytherin blood. Ah, said a nasty little voice in his brain, but the Sorting Hat wanted to put you in Slytherin, dont you remember? Harry turned over. Hed see Justin the next day in Herbology and hed explain that hed been calling the P a g e 219 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling snake off, not egging it on, which he thought angrily, pummeling his pillow any fool should have realized. By next morning, however, the snow that had begun in the night had turned into a blizzard so thick that the last Herbology lesson of the term was canceled Professor Sprout wanted to fit socks and scarves on the Mandrakes, a tricky operation she would entrust to no one else, now that it was so important for the Mandrakes to grow quickly and revive Mrs. Norris and Colin Creevey.