Theyre talking about closing Hogwarts if the attacks dont stop. What dyeh I dont think you meant to kill anyone. But monsters dont make good pets. I suppose you just let it out for exercise and It never killed no one! said the large boy, backing against the closed door. From behind him, Harry could hear a funny rustling and clicking. Come on, Rubeus, said Riddle, moving yet closer. The dead girls parents will be here tomorrow. The least Hogwarts can do is make sure that the thing that killed their daughter is slaughtered. It wasnt him! roared the boy, his voice echoing in the dark passage. He wouldn! He never! Stand aside, said Riddle, drawing out his wand. His spell lit the corridor with a sudden flaming light. The door behind the large boy flew open with such force it knocked him into the wall opposite. And out of it came something that made Harry let out a long, piercing scream unheard by anyone P a g e 275 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling A vast, lowslung, hairy body and a tangle of black legs a gleam of many eyes and a pair of razorsharp pincers Riddle raised his wand again, but he was too late. The thing bowled him over as it scuttled away, tearing up the corridor and out of sight. Riddle scrambled to his feet, looking after it he raised his wand, but the huge boy leapt on him, seized his wand, and threw him back down, yelling, NOOOOOOO! The scene whirled, the darkness became complete Harry felt himself falling and, with a crash, he landed spreadeagled on his fourposter in the Gryffindor dormitory, Riddles diary lying open on his stomach. Before he had had time to regain his breath, the dormitory door opened and Ron came in. There you are, he said. Harry sat up. He was sweating and shaking. Whats up? said Ron, looking at him with concern. It was Hagrid, Ron. Hagrid opened the Chamber of Secrets fifty years ago. P a g e 276 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling CORNELIUS FUDGE Harry, Ron, and Hermione had always known that Hagrid had an unfortunate liking for large and monstrous creatures. During their first year at Hogwarts he had tried to raise a dragon in his little wooden house, and it would be a long time before they forgot the giant, threeheaded dog hed christened Fluffy. And if, as a boy, Hagrid had heard that a monster was hidden somewhere in the castle, Harry was sure hed have gone to any lengths for a glimpse of it. Hed probably thought it was a shame that the monster had been cooped up so long, and thought it deserved the chance to stretch its many legs Harry could just imagine the thirteenyearold Hagrid trying to fit a leash and collar on it. But he was equally certain that Hagrid would never have meant to kill anybody.