Wooden filing cabinets stood around the walls from their labels, Harry could see that they contained details of every pupil Filch P a g e 139 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling had ever punished. Fred and George Weasley had an entire drawer to themselves. A highly polished collection of chains and manacles hung on the wall behind Filchs desk. It was common knowledge that he was always begging Dumbledore to let him suspend students by their ankles from the ceiling. Filch grabbed a quill from a pot on his desk and began shuffling around looking for parchment. Dung, he muttered furiously, great sizzling dragon bogies frog brains rat intestines Ive had enough of it make an example wheres the form yes He retrieved a large roll of parchment from his desk drawer and stretched it out in front of him, dipping his long black quill into the ink pot. Name Harry Potter. Crime It was only a bit of mud! said Harry. Its only a bit of mud to you, boy, but to me its an extra hour scrubbing! shouted Filch, a drip shivering unpleasantly at the end of his bulbous nose. Crime befouling the castle suggested sentence Dabbing at his streaming nose, Filch squinted unpleasantly at Harry, who waited with bated breath for his sentence to fall. But as Filch lowered his quill, there was a great BANG! on the ceiling of the office, which made the oil lamp rattle. PEEVES! Filch roared, flinging down his quill in a transport of rage. Ill have you this time, Ill have you! P a g e 140 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling And without a backward glance at Harry, Filch ran flatfooted from the office, Mrs. Norris streaking alongside him. Peeves was the school poltergeist, a grinning, airborne menace who lived to cause havoc and distress. Harry didnt much like Peeves, but couldnt help feeling grateful for his timing. Hopefully, whatever Peeves had done and it sounded as though hed wrecked something very big this time would distract Filch from Harry. Thinking that he should probably wait for Filch to come back, Harry sank into a motheaten chair next to the desk. There was only one thing on it apart from his halfcompleted form a large, glossy, purple envelope with silver lettering on the front. With a quick glance at the door to check that Filch wasnt on his way back, Harry picked up the envelope and read KWIKSPELL A Correspondence Course in Beginners Magic Intrigued, Harry flicked the envelope open and pulled out the sheaf of parchment inside. More curly silver writing on the front page said Feel out of step in the world of modern magic? Find yourself making excuses not to perform simple spells? Ever been taunted for your woeful wandwork? There is an answer! Kwikspell is an allnew, failsafe, quickresult, easy learn course. Hundreds of witches and wizards have benefited from the Kwikspell method! Madam Z.