So many students filed past the hospital wing trying to catch a glimpse of her that Madam Pomfrey took out her curtains again and placed them around Hermiones bed, to spare her the shame of being seen with a furry face. Harry and Ron went to visit her every evening. When the new term started, they brought her each days homework. If Id sprouted whiskers, Id take a break from work, said Ron, tipping a stack of books onto Hermiones bedside table one evening. Dont be silly, Ron, Ive got to keep up, said Hermione briskly. Her spirits were greatly improved by the fact that all the hair had gone from her face P a g e 253 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling and her eyes were turning slowly back to brown. I dont suppose youve got any new leads? she added in a whisper, so that Madam Pomfrey couldnt hear her. Nothing, said Harry gloomily. I was so sure it was Malfoy, said Ron, for about the hundredth time. Whats that? asked Harry, pointing to something gold sticking out from under Hermiones pillow. Just a get well card, said Hermione hastily, trying to poke it out of sight, but Ron was too quick for her. He pulled it out, flicked it open, and read aloud To Miss Granger, wishing you a speedy recovery, from your concerned teacher, Professor Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and fivetime winner of Witch Weeklys MostCharmingSmile Award. Ron looked up at Hermione, disgusted. You sleep with this under your pillow? But Hermione was spared answering by Madam Pomfrey sweeping over with her evening dose of medicine. Is Lockhart the smarmiest bloke youve ever met, or what? Ron said to Harry as they left the infirmary and started up the stairs toward Gryffindor Tower. Snape had given them so much homework, Harry thought he was likely to be in the sixth year before he finished it. Ron was just saying he wished he had asked Hermione how many rat tails you were supposed to add to a HairRaising Potion when an P a g e 254 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling angry outburst from the floor above reached their ears. Thats Filch, Harry muttered as they hurried up the stairs and paused, out of sight, listening hard. You dont think someone elses been attacked? said Ron tensely. They stood still, their heads inclined toward Filchs voice, which sounded quite hysterical. even more work for me! Mopping all night, like I havent got enough to do! No, this is the final straw, Im going to Dumbledore His footsteps receded along the outofsight corridor and they heard a distant door slam. They poked their heads around the corner. Filch had clearly been manning his usual lookout post They were once again on the spot where Mrs. Norris had been attacked. They saw at a glance what Filch had been shouting about.