Said she was jus lookin round the grounds, but I reckon she was hopin she might run inter someone else at my house. He winked at Harry. If yeh ask me, she wouldn say no ter a signed Oh, shut up, said Harry. Ron snorted with laughter and the ground was sprayed with slugs. Watch it! Hagrid roared, pulling Ron away from his precious pumpkins. It was nearly lunchtime and as Harry had only had one bit of treacle toffee since dawn, he was keen to go back to school to eat. They said goodbye to Hagrid and walked back up to the castle, Ron hiccoughing occasionally, but only bringing up two very small slugs. P a g e 131 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling They had barely set foot in the cool entrance hall when a voice rang out, There you are, Potter Weasley. Professor McGonagall was walking toward them, looking stern. You will both do your detentions this evening. Whatre we doing, Professor? said Ron, nervously suppressing a burp. You will be polishing the silver in the trophy room with Mr. Filch, said Professor McGonagall. And no magic, Weasley elbow grease. Ron gulped. Argus Filch, the caretaker, was loathed by every student in the school. And you, Potter, will be helping Professor Lockhart answer his fan mail, said Professor McGonagall. Oh n Professor, cant I go and do the trophy room, too? said Harry desperately. Certainly not, said Professor McGonagall, raising her eyebrows. Professor Lockhart requested you particularly. Eight oclock sharp, both of you. Harry and Ron slouched into the Great Hall in states of deepest gloom, Hermione behind them, wearing a wellyoudidbreakschoolrules sort of expression. Harry didnt enjoy his shepherds pie as much as hed thought. Both he and Ron felt theyd got the worse deal. Filchll have me there all night, said Ron heavily. No magic! There must be about a hundred cups in that room. Im no good at Muggle cleaning. P a g e 132 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Id swap anytime, said Harry hollowly. Ive had loads of practice with the Dursleys. Answering Lockharts fan mail hell be a nightmare. Saturday afternoon seemed to melt away, and in what seemed like no time, it was five minutes to eight, and Harry was dragging his feet along the secondfloor corridor to Lockharts office. He gritted his teeth and knocked. The door flew open at once. Lockhart beamed down at him. Ah, heres the scalawag! he said. Come in, Harry, come in Shining brightly on the walls by the light of many candles were countless framed photographs of Lockhart. He had even signed a few of them. Another large pile lay on his desk. You can address the envelopes! Lockhart told Harry, as though this was a huge treat. This first ones to Gladys Gudgeon, bless her huge fan of mine The minutes snailed by.