They think, up at the school, that Hagrids been setting a a something on students. Theyve taken him to Azkaban. Aragog clicked his pincers furiously, and all around the hollow the sound was echoed by the crowd of P a g e 308 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling spiders it was like applause, except applause didnt usually make Harry feel sick with fear. But that was years ago, said Aragog fretfully. Years and years ago. I remember it well. Thats why they made him leave the school. They believed that I was the monster that dwells in what they call the Chamber of Secrets. They thought that Hagrid had opened the Chamber and set me free. And you you didnt come from the Chamber of Secrets? said Harry, who could feel cold sweat on his forehead. I! said Aragog, clicking angrily. I was not born in the castle. I come from a distant land. A traveler gave me to Hagrid when I was an egg. Hagrid was only a boy, but he cared for me, hidden in a cupboard in the castle, feeding me on scraps from the table. Hagrid is my good friend, and a good man. When I was discovered, and blamed for the death of a girl, he protected me. I have lived here in the forest ever since, where Hagrid still visits me. He even found me a wife, Mosag, and you see how our family has grown, all through Hagrids goodness. Harry summoned what remained of his courage. So you never never attacked anyone? Never, croaked the old spider. It would have been my instinct, but out of respect for Hagrid, I never harmed a human. The body of the girl who was killed was discovered in a bathroom. I never saw any part of the castle but the cupboard in which I grew up. Our kind like the dark and the quiet. P a g e 309 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling But then Do you know what did kill that girl? said Harry. Because whatever it is, its back and attacking people again His words were drowned by a loud outbreak of clicking and the rustling of many long legs shifting angrily large black shapes shifted all around him. The thing that lives in the castle, said Aragog, is an ancient creature we spiders fear above all others. Well do I remember how I pleaded with Hagrid to let me go, when I sensed the beast moving about the school. What is it? said Harry urgently. More loud clicking, more rustling the spiders seemed to be closing in. We do not speak of it! said Aragog fiercely. We do not name it! I never even told Hagrid the name of that dread creature, though he asked me, many times. Harry didnt want to press the subject, not with the spiders pressing closer on all sides. Aragog seemed to be tired of talking.