Nice loud howl, Harry exactly and then, if youll believe it, I pounced like this slammed him to the floor thus with one hand, I managed to hold him down with my other, I put my wand to his throat I then screwed up my remaining strength P a g e 180 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling and performed the immensely complex Homorphus Charm he let out a piteous moan go on, Harry higher than that good the fur vanished the fangs shrank and he turned back into a man. Simple, yet effective and another village will remember me forever as the hero who delivered them from the monthly terror of werewolf attacks. The bell rang and Lockhart got to his feet. Homework compose a poem about my defeat of the Wagga Wagga Werewolf! Signed copies of Magical Me to the author of the best one! The class began to leave. Harry returned to the back of the room, where Ron and Hermione were waiting. Ready? Harry muttered. Wait till everyones gone, said Hermione nervously. All right She approached Lockharts desk, a piece of paper clutched tightly in her hand, Harry and Ron right behind her. Er Professor Lockhart? Hermione stammered. I wanted to to get this book out of the library. Just for background reading. She held out the piece of paper, her hand shaking slightly. But the thing is, its in the Restricted Section of the library, so I need a teacher to sign for it Im sure it would help me understand what you say in Gadding with Ghouls about slowacting venoms Ah, Gadding with Ghouls! said Lockhart, taking the note from Hermione and smiling widely at her. Possibly my very favorite book. You enjoyed it? P a g e 181 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Oh, yes, said Hermione eagerly. So clever, the way you trapped that last one with the teastrainer Well, Im sure no one will mind me giving the best student of the year a little extra help, said Lockhart warmly, and he pulled out an enormous peacock quill. Yes, nice, isnt it? he said, misreading the revolted look on Rons face. I usually save it for book signings. He scrawled an enormous loopy signature on the note and handed it back to Hermione. So, Harry, said Lockhart, while Hermione folded the note with fumbling fingers and slipped it into her bag. Tomorrows the first Quidditch match of the season, I believe? Gryffindor against Slytherin, is it not? I hear youre a useful player. I was a Seeker, too. I was asked to try for the National Squad, but preferred to dedicate my life to the eradication of the Dark Forces. Still, if ever you feel the need for a little private training, dont hesitate to ask. Always happy to pass on my expertise to less able players. Harry made an indistinct noise in his throat and then hurried off after Ron and Hermione.