He brandished his wand at the snake and there was a loud bang the snake, instead of vanishing, flew ten feet into the air and fell back to the floor with a loud smack. Enraged, hissing furiously, it slithered straight toward Justin FinchFletchley and raised itself again, fangs exposed, poised to strike. Harry wasnt sure what made him do it. He wasnt even aware of deciding to do it. All he knew was that his legs were carrying him forward as though he was on casters and that he had shouted stupidly at the snake, Leave him alone! And miraculously inexplicably the snake slumped to the floor, docile as a thick, black garden hose, its eyes now on Harry. Harry felt the fear drain out of him. He knew the snake wouldnt attack anyone now, though how he knew it, he couldnt have explained. He looked up at Justin, grinning, expecting to see Justin looking relieved, or puzzled, or even grateful but certainly not angry and scared. P a g e 216 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling What do you think youre playing at? he shouted, and before Harry could say anything, Justin had turned and stormed out of the hall. Snape stepped forward, waved his wand, and the snake vanished in a small puff of black smoke. Snape, too, was looking at Harry in an unexpected way It was a shrewd and calculating look, and Harry didnt like it. He was also dimly aware of an ominous muttering all around the walls. Then he felt a tugging on the back of his robes. Come on, said Rons voice in his ear. Move come on Ron steered him out of the hall, Hermione hurrying alongside them. As they went through the doors, the people on either side drew away as though they were frightened of catching something. Harry didnt have a clue what was going on, and neither Ron nor Hermione explained anything until they had dragged him all the way up to the empty Gryffindor common room. Then Ron pushed Harry into an armchair and said, Youre a Parselmouth. Why didnt you tell us? Im a what? said Harry. A Parselmouth! said Ron. You can talk to snakes! I know, said Harry. I mean, thats only the second time Ive ever done it. I accidentally set a boa constrictor on my cousin Dudley at the zoo once long story but it was telling me it had never seen Brazil and I sort of set it free without meaning to that was before I knew I was a wizard A boa constrictor told you it had never seen Brazil? Ron repeated faintly. P a g e 217 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling So? said Harry. I bet loads of people here can do it. Oh, no they cant, said Ron. Its not a very common gift. Harry, this is bad. Whats bad? said Harry, starting to feel quite angry. Whats wrong with everyone?