I told you he thinks Dumbledores the worst headmaster the schools ever had. Maybe well get a decent headmaster now. Someone who wont want the Chamber of Secrets closed. McGonagall wont last long, shes only filling in. P a g e 296 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Snape swept past Harry, making no comment about Hermiones empty seat and cauldron. Sir, said Malfoy loudly. Sir, why dont you apply for the headmasters job? Now, now, Malfoy, said Snape, though he couldnt suppress a thinlipped smile. Professor Dumbledore has only been suspended by the governors. I daresay hell be back with us soon enough. Yeah, right, said Malfoy, smirking. I expect youd have Fathers vote, sir, if you wanted to apply for the job Ill tell Father youre the best teacher here, sir Snape smirked as he swept off around the dungeon, fortunately not spotting Seamus Finnigan, who was pretending to vomit into his cauldron. Im quite surprised the Mudbloods havent all packed their bags by now, Malfoy went on. Bet you five Galleons the next one dies. Pity it wasnt Granger The bell rang at that moment, which was lucky at Malfoys last words, Ron had leapt off his stool, and in the scramble to collect bags and books, his attempts to reach Malfoy went unnoticed. Let me at him, Ron growled as Harry and Dean hung onto his arms. I dont care, I dont need my wand, Im going to kill him with my bare hands Hurry up, Ive got to take you all to Herbology, barked Snape over the classs heads, and off they marched, with Harry, Ron, and Dean bringing up the rear, Ron still trying to get loose. It was only safe to let go of him when Snape had seen them out of the P a g e 297 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling castle and they were making their way across the vegetable patch toward the greenhouses. The Herbology class was very subdued there were now two missing from their number, Justin and Hermione. Professor Sprout set them all to work pruning the Abyssinian Shrivelfigs. Harry went to tip an armful of withered stalks onto the compost heap and found himself facetoface with Ernie Macmillan. Ernie took a deep breath and said, very formally, I just want to say, Harry, that Im sorry I ever suspected you. I know youd never attack Hermione Granger, and I apologize for all the stuff I said. Were all in the same boat now, and, well He held out a pudgy hand, and Harry shook it. Ernie and his friend Hannah came to work at the same Shrivelfig as Harry and Ron. That Draco Malfoy character, said Ernie, breaking off dead twigs, he seems very pleased about all this, doesnt he? Dyou know, I think he might be Slytherins heir. Thats clever of you, said Ron, who didnt seem to have forgiven Ernie as readily as Harry.