His large hand trembling, he pulled off his old robes, which were hanging a foot above his ankles, pulled on the spare ones, and laced up Goyles boatlike shoes. He reached up to brush his hair out of his eyes and met only the short growth of wiry bristles, low on his forehead. Then he realized that his glasses were clouding his eyes because Goyle obviously didnt need them he took them off and called, Are you two okay? Goyles low rasp of a voice issued from his mouth. Yeah, came the deep grunt of Crabbe from his right. Harry unlocked his door and stepped in front of the cracked mirror. Goyle stared back at him out of dull, deepset eyes. Harry scratched his ear. So did Goyle. Rons door opened. They stared at each other. Except that he looked pale and shocked, Ron was indistinguishable from Crabbe, from the pudding bowl haircut to the long, gorilla arms. This is unbelievable, said Ron, approaching the mirror and prodding Crabbes flat nose. Unbelievable. Wed better get going, said Harry, loosening the watch that was cutting into Goyles thick wrist. Weve still got to find out where the Slytherin common room is. I only hope we can find someone to follow Ron, who had been gazing at Harry, said, You dont know how bizarre it is to see Goyle thinking. He banged on Hermiones door. Cmon, we need to go A highpitched voice answered him. P a g e 242 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling I I dont think Im going to come after all. You go on without me. Hermione, we know Millicent Bulstrodes ugly, no ones going to know its you No really I dont think Ill come. You two hurry up, youre wasting time Harry looked at Ron, bewildered. That looks more like Goyle, said Ron. Thats how he looks every time a teacher asks him a question. Hermione, are you okay? said Harry through the door. Fine Im fine go on Harry looked at his watch. Five of their precious sixty minutes had already passed. Well meet you back here, all right? he said. Harry and Ron opened the door of the bathroom carefully, checked that the coast was clear, and set off. Dont swing your arms like that, Harry muttered to Ron. Eh? Crabbe holds them sort of stiff. Hows this? Yeah, thats better. P a g e 243 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling They went down the marble staircase. All they needed now was a Slytherin that they could follow to the Slytherin common room, but there was nobody around. Any ideas? muttered Harry. The Slytherins always come up to breakfast from over there, said Ron, nodding at the entrance to the dungeons. The words had barely left his mouth when a girl with long, curly hair emerged from the entrance. Excuse me, said Ron, hurrying up to her. Weve forgotten the way to our common room.