came the cold, drawling voice of Draco Malfoy. Harry started stuffing everything feverishly into his ripped bag, desperate to get away before Malfoy could hear his musical valentine. Whats all this commotion? said another familiar voice as Percy Weasley arrived. Losing his head, Harry tried to make a run for it, but the dwarf seized him around the knees and brought him crashing to the floor. Right, he said, sitting on Harrys ankles. Here is your singing valentine His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad, His hair is as dark as a blackboard. I wish he was mine, hes really divine, The hero who conquered the Dark Lord. Harry would have given all the gold in Gringotts to evaporate on the spot. Trying valiantly to laugh along with everyone else, he got up, his feet numb from the weight of the dwarf, as Percy Weasley did his best to disperse the crowd, some of whom were crying with mirth. Off you go, off you go, the bell rang five minutes ago, off to class, now, he said, shooing some of the younger students away. And you, Malfoy P a g e 265 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry, glancing over, saw Malfoy stoop and snatch up something. Leering, he showed it to Crabbe and Goyle, and Harry realized that hed got Riddles diary. Give that back, said Harry quietly. Wonder what Potters written in this? said Malfoy, who obviously hadnt noticed the year on the cover and thought he had Harrys own diary. A hush fell over the onlookers. Ginny was staring from the diary to Harry, looking terrified. Hand it over, Malfoy, said Percy sternly. When Ive had a look, said Malfoy, waving the diary tauntingly at Harry. Percy said, As a school prefect but Harry had lost his temper. He pulled out his wand and shouted, Expelliarmus! and just as Snape had disarmed Lockhart, so Malfoy found the diary shooting out of his hand into the air. Ron, grinning broadly, caught it. Harry! said Percy loudly. No magic in the corridors. Ill have to report this, you know! But Harry didnt care, he was oneup on Malfoy, and that was worth five points from Gryffindor any day. Malfoy was looking furious, and as Ginny passed him to enter her classroom, he yelled spitefully after her, I dont think Potter liked your valentine much! Ginny covered her face with her hands and ran into class. Snarling, Ron pulled out his wand, too, but Harry pulled him away. Ron didnt need to spend the whole of Charms belching slugs. P a g e 266 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling It wasnt until they had reached Professor Flitwicks class that Harry noticed something rather odd about Riddles diary. All his other books were drenched in scarlet ink. The diary, however, was as clean as it had been before the ink bottle had smashed all over it.