I cant stand much more of this, Ron muttered, his teeth chattering, as the orchestra ground back into action and the ghosts swept back onto the dance floor. Lets go, Harry agreed. They backed toward the door, nodding and beaming at anyone who looked at them, and a minute later were hurrying back up the passageway full of black candles. Pudding might not be finished yet, said Ron hopefully, leading the way toward the steps to the entrance hall. And then Harry heard it. rip tear kill It was the same voice, the same cold, murderous voice he had heard in Lockharts office. P a g e 152 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling He stumbled to a halt, clutching at the stone wall, listening with all his might, looking around, squinting up and down the dimly lit passageway. Harry, whatre you ? Its that voice again shut up a minute soo hungry for so long Listen! said Harry urgently, and Ron and Hermione froze, watching him. kill time to kill The voice was growing fainter. Harry was sure it was moving away moving upward. A mixture of fear and excitement gripped him as he stared at the dark ceiling how could it be moving upward? Was it a phantom, to whom stone ceilings didnt matter? This way, he shouted, and he began to run, up the stairs, into the entrance hall. It was no good hoping to hear anything here, the babble of talk from the Halloween feast was echoing out of the Great Hall. Harry sprinted up the marble staircase to the first floor, Ron and Hermione clattering behind him. Harry, whatre we SHH! Harry strained his ears. Distantly, from the floor above, and growing fainter still, he heard the voice I smell blood. I SMELL BLOOD! His stomach lurched P a g e 153 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Its going to kill someone! he shouted, and ignoring Rons and Hermiones bewildered faces, he ran up the next flight of steps three at a time, trying to listen over his own pounding footsteps Harry hurtled around the whole of the second floor, Ron and Hermione panting behind him, not stopping until they turned a corner into the last, deserted passage. Harry, what was that all about? said Ron, wiping sweat off his face. I couldnt hear anything. But Hermione gave a sudden gasp, pointing down the corridor. Look! Something was shining on the wall ahead. They approached slowly, squinting through the darkness. Foothigh words had been daubed on the wall between two windows, shimmering in the light cast by the flaming torches. THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS HAS BEEN OPENED. ENEMIES OF THE HEIR, BEWARE. Whats that thing hanging underneath? said Ron, a slight quiver in his voice.