said Hermione, or Dumbledore announcing that, unfortunately, Professor Lockhart would be unable to return next year, owing to the fact that he needed to go away and get his memory back. Quite a few of the teachers joined in the cheering that greeted this news. Shame, said Ron, helping himself to a jam doughnut. He was starting to grow on me. P a g e 378 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling The rest of the final term passed in a haze of blazing sunshine. Hogwarts was back to normal with only a few, small differences Defense Against the Dark Arts classes were canceled but weve had plenty of practice at that anyway, Ron told a disgruntled Hermione and Lucius Malfoy had been sacked as a school governor. Draco was no longer strutting around the school as though he owned the place. On the contrary, he looked resentful and sulky. On the other hand, Ginny Weasley was perfectly happy again. Too soon, it was time for the journey home on the Hogwarts Express. Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny got a compartment to themselves. They made the most of the last few hours in which they were allowed to do magic before the holidays. They played Exploding Snap, set off the very last of Fred and Georges Filibuster fireworks, and practiced disarming each other by magic. Harry was getting very good at it. They were almost at Kings Cross when Harry remembered something. Ginny what did you see Percy doing, that he didnt want you to tell anyone? Oh, that, said Ginny, giggling. Well Percys got a girlfriend. Fred dropped a stack of books on Georges head. What? Its that Ravenclaw prefect, Penelope Clearwater, said Ginny. Thats who he was writing to all last summer. Hes been meeting her all over the school in secret. I walked in on them kissing in an empty P a g e 379 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling classroom one day. He was so upset when she was you know attacked. You wont tease him, will you? she added anxiously. Wouldnt dream of it, said Fred, who was looking like his birthday had come early. Definitely not, said George, sniggering. The Hogwarts Express slowed and finally stopped. Harry pulled out his quill and a bit of parchment and turned to Ron and Hermione. This is called a telephone number, he told Ron, scribbling it twice, tearing the parchment in two, and handing it to them. I told your dad how to use a telephone last summer hell know. Call me at the Dursleys, okay? I cant stand another two months with only Dudley to talk to. Your aunt and uncle will be proud, though, wont they? said Hermione as they got off the train and joined the crowd thronging toward the enchanted barrier. When they hear what you did this year? Proud? said Harry. Are you crazy?