Malfoy got a faceful and his nose began to swell like a balloon Goyle blundered around, his hands over his eyes, which had expanded to the size of a dinner plate Snape was trying to restore calm and find out what had happened. Through the confusion, Harry saw Hermione slip quietly into Snapes office. P a g e 208 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Silence! SILENCE! Snape roared. Anyone who has been splashed, come here for a Deflating Draught when I find out who did this Harry tried not to laugh as he watched Malfoy hurry forward, his head drooping with the weight of a nose like a small melon. As half the class lumbered up to Snapes desk, some weighted down with arms like clubs, others unable to talk through gigantic puffed up lips, Harry saw Hermione slide back into the dungeon, the front of her robes bulging. When everyone had taken a swig of antidote and the various swellings had subsided, Snape swept over to Goyles cauldron and scooped out the twisted black remains of the firework. There was a sudden hush. If I ever find out who threw this, Snape whispered, I shall make sure that person is expelled. Harry arranged his face into what he hoped was a puzzled expression. Snape was looking right at him, and the bell that rang ten minutes later could not have been more welcome. He knew it was me, Harry told Ron and Hermione as they hurried back to Moaning Myrtles bathroom. I could tell. Hermione threw the new ingredients into the cauldron and began to stir feverishly. Itll be ready in two weeks, she said happily. Snape cant prove it was you, said Ron reassuringly to Harry. What can he do? Knowing Snape, something foul, said Harry as the potion frothed and bubbled. P a g e 209 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling A week later, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were walking across the entrance hall when they saw a small knot of people gathered around the notice board, reading a piece of parchment that had just been pinned up. Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas beckoned them over, looking excited. Theyre starting a Dueling Club! said Seamus. First meeting tonight! I wouldnt mind dueling lessons they might come in handy one of these days. What, you reckon Slytherins monster can duel? said Ron, but he, too, read the sign with interest. Could be useful, he said to Harry and Hermione as they went into dinner. Shall we go? Harry and Hermione were all for it, so at eight oclock that evening they hurried back to the Great Hall. The long dining tables had vanished and a golden stage had appeared along one wall, lit by thousands of candles floating overhead. The ceiling was velvety black once more and most of the school seemed to be packed beneath it, all carrying their wands and looking excited. I wonder wholl be teaching us?