A fire was crackling under an elaborately carved mantelpiece ahead of them, and several Slytherins were silhouetted around it in highbacked chairs. Wait here, said Malfoy to Harry and Ron, motioning them to a pair of empty chairs set back from the fire. Ill go and get it my fathers just sent it to me P a g e 246 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Wondering what Malfoy was going to show them, Harry and Ron sat down, doing their best to look at home. Malfoy came back a minute later, holding what looked like a newspaper clipping. He thrust it under Rons nose. Thatll give you a laugh, he said. Harry saw Rons eyes widen in shock. He read the clipping quickly, gave a very forced laugh, and handed it to Harry. It had been clipped out of the Daily Prophet, and it said INQUIRY AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office, was today fined fifty Galleons for bewitching a Muggle car. Mr. Lucius Malfoy, a governor of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where the enchanted car crashed earlier this year, called today for Mr. Weasleys resignation. Weasley has brought the Ministry into disrepute, Mr. Malfoy told our reporter. He is clearly unfit to draw up our laws and his ridiculous Muggle Protection Act should be scrapped immediately. Mr. Weasley was unavailable for comment, although his wife told reporters to clear off or shed set the family ghoul on them. P a g e 247 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Well? said Malfoy impatiently as Harry handed the clipping back to him. Dont you think its funny? Ha, ha, said Harry bleakly. Arthur Weasley loves Muggles so much he should snap his wand in half and go and join them, said Malfoy scornfully. Youd never know the Weasleys were purebloods, the way they behave. Rons or rather, Crabbes face was contorted with fury. Whats up with you, Crabbe? snapped Malfoy. Stomachache, Ron grunted. Well, go up to the hospital wing and give all those Mudbloods a kick from me, said Malfoy, snickering. You know, Im surprised the Daily Prophet hasnt reported all these attacks yet, he went on thoughtfully. I suppose Dumbledores trying to hush it all up. Hell be sacked if it doesnt stop soon. Fathers always said old Dumbledores the worst thing thats ever happened to this place. He loves Muggle borns. A decent headmaster would neverve let slime like that Creevey in. Malfoy started taking pictures with an imaginary camera and did a cruel but accurate impression of Colin Potter, can I have your picture, Potter? Can I have your autograph? Can I lick your shoes, please, Potter? He dropped his hands and looked at Harry and Ron. Whats the matter with you two? P a g e 248 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K.