And, Harry See you in a bit, said Harry, trying to inject some confidence into his shaking voice. And he set off alone past the giant snake skin. Soon the distant noise of Ron straining to shift the rocks was gone. The tunnel turned and turned again. Every nerve in Harrys body was tingling unpleasantly. He wanted the tunnel to end, yet dreaded what hed find when it did. And then, at last, as he crept around yet another bend, he saw a solid wall ahead on which two entwined serpents were carved, their eyes set with great, glinting emeralds. Harry approached, his throat very dry. There was no need to pretend these stone snakes were real their eyes looked strangely alive. P a g e 339 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling He could guess what he had to do. He cleared his throat, and the emerald eyes seemed to flicker. Open, said Harry, in a low, faint hiss. The serpents parted as the wall cracked open, the halves slid smoothly out of sight, and Harry, shaking from head to foot, walked inside. P a g e 340 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling THE HEIR OF SLYTHERIN He was standing at the end of a very long, dimly lit chamber. Towering stone pillars entwined with more carved serpents rose to support a ceiling lost in darkness, casting long, black shadows through the odd, greenish gloom that filled the place. His heart beating very fast, Harry stood listening to the chill silence. Could the basilisk be lurking in a shadowy corner, behind a pillar? And where was Ginny? He pulled out his wand and moved forward between the serpentine columns. Every careful footstep echoed loudly off the shadowy walls. He kept his eyes narrowed, ready to clamp them shut at the smallest sign of movement. The hollow eye sockets of the stone snakes seemed to be following him. More than once, with a jolt of the stomach, he thought he saw one stir. Then, as he drew level with the last pair of pillars, a statue high as the Chamber itself loomed into view, standing against the back wall. P a g e 341 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry had to crane his neck to look up into the giant face above It was ancient and monkeyish, with a long, thin beard that fell almost to the bottom of the wizards sweeping stone robes, where two enormous gray feet stood on the smooth Chamber floor. And between the feet, facedown, lay a small, blackrobed figure with flamingred hair. Ginny! Harry muttered, sprinting to her and dropping to his knees. Ginny dont be dead please dont be dead He flung his wand aside, grabbed Ginnys shoulders, and turned her over. Her face was white as marble, and as cold, yet her eyes were closed, so she wasnt Petrified.