said Justin happily as they began filling their plant pots with dragon dung compost. Awfully brave chap. Have you read his books? Id have died of fear if Id been cornered in a telephone booth by a werewolf, but he stayed cool and zap just fantastic. My name was down for Eton, you know. I cant tell you how glad I am I came here instead. Of course, Mother was slightly disappointed, but since I made her read Lockharts books I think shes begun to see how useful itll be to have a fully trained wizard in the family. After that they didnt have much chance to talk. Their earmuffs were back on and they needed to concentrate on the Mandrakes. Professor Sprout had made it look extremely easy, but it wasnt. The Mandrakes didnt like coming out of the earth, but didnt seem to want to go back into it either. They squirmed, kicked, flailed their sharp little fists, and gnashed their teeth Harry spent ten whole minutes trying to squash a particularly fat one into a pot. By the end of the class, Harry, like everyone else, was sweaty, aching, and covered in earth. Everyone traipsed back to the castle for a quick wash and then the Gryffindors hurried off to Transfiguration. Professor McGonagalls classes were always hard work, but today was especially difficult. Everything Harry had learned last year seemed to have leaked out of his head during the summer. He was supposed to be turning a beetle into a button, but all he managed to do was give his beetle a lot of exercise as it scuttled over the desktop avoiding his wand. P a g e 105 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Ron was having far worse problems. He had patched up his wand with some borrowed Spellotape, but it seemed to be damaged beyond repair. It kept crackling and sparking at odd moments, and every time Ron tried to transfigure his beetle it engulfed him in thick gray smoke that smelled of rotten eggs. Unable to see what he was doing, Ron accidentally squashed his beetle with his elbow and had to ask for a new one. Professor McGonagall wasnt pleased. Harry was relieved to hear the lunch bell. His brain felt like a wrung sponge. Everyone filed out of the classroom except him and Ron, who was whacking his wand furiously on the desk. Stupid useless thing Write home for another one, Harry suggested as the wand let off a volley of bangs like a firecracker. Oh, yeah, and get another Howler back, said Ron, stuffing the now hissing wand into his bag. Its your own fault your wand got snapped They went down to lunch, where Rons mood was not improved by Hermiones showing them the handful of perfect coat buttons she had produced in Transfiguration. Whatve we got this afternoon? said Harry, hastily changing the subject. Defense Against the Dark Arts, said Hermione at once.