Taking a deep breath he looked down at his right side. What he saw nearly made him pass out again. Poking out of the end of his robes was what looked like a thick, fleshcolored rubber glove. He tried to move his fingers. Nothing happened. Lockhart hadnt mended Harrys bones. He had removed them. P a g e 193 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Madam Pomfrey wasnt at all pleased. You should have come straight to me! she raged, holding up the sad, limp remainder of what, half an hour before, had been a working arm. I can mend bones in a second but growing them back You will be able to, wont you? said Harry desperately. Ill be able to, certainly, but it will be painful, said Madam Pomfrey grimly, throwing Harry a pair of pajamas. Youll have to stay the night. Hermione waited outside the curtain drawn around Harrys bed while Ron helped him into his pajamas. It took a while to stuff the rubbery, boneless arm into a sleeve. How can you stick up for Lockhart now, Hermione, eh? Ron called through the curtain as he pulled Harrys limp fingers through the cuff. If Harry had wanted deboning he would have asked. Anyone can make a mistake, said Hermione. And it doesnt hurt anymore, does it, Harry? No, said Harry, getting into bed. But it doesnt do anything else either. As he swung himself onto the bed, his arm flapped pointlessly. Hermione and Madam Pomfrey came around the curtain. Madam Pomfrey was holding a large bottle of something labeled SkeleGro. P a g e 194 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Youre in for a rough night, she said, pouring out a steaming beakerful and handing it to him. Regrowing bones is a nasty business. So was taking the SkeleGro. It burned Harrys mouth and throat as it went down, making him cough and splutter. Still tuttutting about dangerous sports and inept teachers, Madam Pomfrey retreated, leaving Ron and Hermione to help Harry gulp down some water. We won, though, said Ron, a grin breaking across his face. That was some catch you made. Malfoys face he looked ready to kill. I want to know how he fixed that Bludger, said Hermione darkly. We can add that to the list of questions well ask him when weve taken the Polyjuice Potion, said Harry, sinking back onto his pillows. I hope it tastes better than this stuff. If its got bits of Slytherins in it? Youve got to be joking, said Ron. The door of the hospital wing burst open at that moment. Filthy and soaking wet, the rest of the Gryffindor team had arrived to see Harry. Unbelievable flying, Harry, said George. Ive just seen Marcus Flint yelling at Malfoy. Something about having the Snitch on top of his head and not noticing. Malfoy didnt seem too happy.