Well, er, if you must know, Ginny, er, walked in on me the other day when I was well, never mind the point is, she spotted me doing something and I, um, I asked her not to mention it to anybody. I must say, I did think shed keep her word. Its nothing, really, Id just rather Harry had never seen Percy look so uncomfortable. What were you doing, Percy? said Ron, grinning. Go on, tell us, we wont laugh. Percy didnt smile back. Pass me those rolls, Harry, Im starving. Harry knew the whole mystery might be solved tomorrow without their help, but he wasnt about to pass up a chance to speak to Myrtle if it turned up and to his delight it did, midmorning, when they were being led to History of Magic by Gilderoy Lockhart. P a g e 319 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Lockhart, who had so often assured them that all danger had passed, only to be proved wrong right away, was now wholeheartedly convinced that it was hardly worth the trouble to see them safely down the corridors. His hair wasnt as sleek as usual it seemed he had been up most of the night, patrolling the fourth floor. Mark my words, he said, ushering them around a corner. The first words out of those poor Petrified peoples mouths will be It was Hagrid. Frankly, Im astounded Professor McGonagall thinks all these security measures are necessary. I agree, sir, said Harry, making Ron drop his books in surprise. Thank you, Harry, said Lockhart graciously while they waited for a long line of Hufflepuffs to pass. I mean, we teachers have quite enough to be getting on with, without walking students to classes and standing guard all night. Thats right, said Ron, catching on. Why dont you leave us here, sir, weve only got one more corridor to go You know, Weasley, I think I will, said Lockhart. I really should go and prepare my next class And he hurried off. Prepare his class, Ron sneered after him. Gone to curl his hair, more like. They let the rest of the Gryffindors draw ahead of them, then darted down a side passage and hurried off toward Moaning Myrtles bathroom. But just as P a g e 320 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling they were congratulating each other on their brilliant scheme Potter! Weasley! What are you doing? It was Professor McGonagall, and her mouth was the thinnest of thin lines. We were we were Ron stammered. We were going to to go and see Hermione, said Harry. Ron and Professor McGonagall both looked at him.