Harry took his remaining hand off his broom and made a wild snatch he felt his fingers close on the cold Snitch but was now only gripping the broom with his legs, and there was a yell from the crowd below as he headed straight for the ground, trying hard not to pass out. With a splattering thud he hit the mud and rolled off his broom. His arm was hanging at a very strange angle riddled with pain, he heard, as though from a P a g e 191 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling distance, a good deal of whistling and shouting. He focused on the Snitch clutched in his good hand. Aha, he said vaguely. Weve won. And he fainted. He came around, rain falling on his face, still lying on the field, with someone leaning over him. He saw a glitter of teeth. Oh, no, not you, he moaned. Doesnt know what hes saying, said Lockhart loudly to the anxious crowd of Gryffindors pressing around them. Not to worry, Harry. Im about to fix your arm. No! said Harry. Ill keep it like this, thanks. He tried to sit up, but the pain was terrible. He heard a familiar clicking noise nearby. I dont want a photo of this, Colin, he said loudly. Lie back, Harry, said Lockhart soothingly. Its a simple charm Ive used countless times Why cant I just go to the hospital wing? said Harry through clenched teeth. He should really, Professor, said a muddy Wood, who couldnt help grinning even though his Seeker was injured. Great capture, Harry, really spectacular, your best yet, Id say Through the thicket of legs around him, Harry spotted Fred and George Weasley, wrestling the rogue P a g e 192 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Bludger into a box. It was still putting up a terrific fight. Stand back, said Lockhart, who was rolling up his jadegreen sleeves. No dont said Harry weakly, but Lockhart was twirling his wand and a second later had directed it straight at Harrys arm. A strange and unpleasant sensation started at Harrys shoulder and spread all the way down to his fingertips. It felt as though his arm was being deflated. He didnt dare look at what was happening. He had shut his eyes, his face turned away from his arm, but his worst fears were realized as the people above him gasped and Colin Creevey began clicking away madly. His arm didnt hurt anymore nor did it feel remotely like an arm. Ah, said Lockhart. Yes. Well, that can sometimes happen. But the point is, the bones are no longer broken. Thats the thing to bear in mind. So, Harry, just toddle up to the hospital wing ah, Mr. Weasley, Miss Granger, would you escort him? and Madam Pomfrey will be able to er tidy you up a bit. As Harry got to his feet, he felt strangely lopsided.