Prefect, Head Boy probably top of every class You say that like its a bad thing, said Hermione in a slightly hurt voice. The sun had now begun to shine weakly on Hogwarts again. Inside the castle, the mood had grown more hopeful. There had been no more attacks since those on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick, and Madam Pomfrey was pleased to report that the Mandrakes were becoming moody and secretive, meaning that they were fast leaving childhood. The moment their acne clears up, theyll be ready for repotting again, Harry heard her telling Filch kindly one afternoon. And after that, it wont be long until were cutting them up and stewing them. Youll have Mrs. Norris back in no time. Perhaps the Heir of Slytherin had lost his or her nerve, thought Harry. It must be getting riskier and riskier to open the Chamber of Secrets, with the school so alert and suspicious. Perhaps the monster, P a g e 261 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling whatever it was, was even now settling itself down to hibernate for another fifty years. Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff didnt take this cheerful view. He was still convinced that Harry was the guilty one, that he had given himself away at the Dueling Club. Peeves wasnt helping matters he kept popping up in the crowded corridors singing Oh, Potter, you rotter now with a dance routine to match. Gilderoy Lockhart seemed to think he himself had made the attacks stop. Harry overheard him telling Professor McGonagall so while the Gryffindors were lining up for Transfiguration. I dont think therell be any more trouble, Minerva, he said, tapping his nose knowingly and winking. I think the Chamber has been locked for good this time. The culprit must have known it was only a matter of time before I caught him. Rather sensible to stop now, before I came down hard on him. You know, what the school needs now is a morale booster. Wash away the memories of last term! I wont say any more just now, but I think I know just the thing. He tapped his nose again and strode off. Lockharts idea of a moralebooster became clear at breakfast time on February fourteenth. Harry hadnt had much sleep because of a laterunning Quidditch practice the night before, and he hurried down to the Great Hall, slightly late. He thought, for a moment, that hed walked through the wrong doors. The walls were all covered with large, lurid pink flowers. Worse still, heartshaped confetti was falling from the pale blue ceiling. Harry went over to the P a g e 262 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Gryffindor table, where Ron was sitting looking sickened, and Hermione seemed to have been overcome with giggles. Whats going on? Harry asked them, sitting down and wiping confetti off his bacon. Ron pointed to the teachers table, apparently too disgusted to speak.