Rowling hurt them youve just got to make them really dizzy so they cant find their way back to the gnomeholes. He let go of the gnomes ankles It flew twenty feet into the air and landed with a thud in the field over the hedge. Pitiful, said Fred. I bet I can get mine beyond that stump. Harry learned quickly not to feel too sorry for the gnomes. He decided just to drop the first one he caught over the hedge, but the gnome, sensing weakness, sank its razorsharp teeth into Harrys finger and he had a hard job shaking it off until Wow, Harry that mustve been fifty feet. The air was soon thick with flying gnomes. See, theyre not too bright, said George, seizing five or six gnomes at once. The moment they know the degnomings going on they storm up to have a look. Youd think theyd have learned by now just to stay put. Soon, the crowd of gnomes in the field started walking away in a straggling line, their little shoulders hunched. Theyll be back, said Ron as they watched the gnomes disappear into the hedge on the other side of the field. They love it here. Dads too soft with them he thinks theyre funny. Just then, the front door slammed. Hes back! said George. Dads home! P a g e 43 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling They hurried through the garden and back into the house. Mr. Weasley was slumped in a kitchen chair with his glasses off and his eyes closed. He was a thin man, going bald, but the little hair he had was as red as any of his childrens. He was wearing long green robes, which were dusty and travelworn. What a night, he mumbled, groping for the teapot as they all sat down around him. Nine raids. Nine! And old Mundungus Fletcher tried to put a hex on me when I had my back turned. Mr. Weasley took a long gulp of tea and sighed. Find anything, Dad? said Fred eagerly. All I got were a few shrinking door keys and a biting kettle, yawned Mr. Weasley. There was some pretty nasty stuff that wasnt my department, though. Mortlake was taken away for questioning about some extremely odd ferrets, but thats the Committee on Experimental Charms, thank goodness. Why would anyone bother making door keys shrink? said George. Just Mugglebaiting, sighed Mr. Weasley. Sell them a key that keeps shrinking to nothing so they can never find it when they need it. Of course, its very hard to convict anyone because no Muggle would admit their key keeps shrinking theyll insist they just keep losing it. Bless them, theyll go to any lengths to ignore magic, even if its staring them in the face. But the things our lot have taken to enchanting, you wouldnt believe LIKE CARS, FOR INSTANCE? P a g e 44 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K.