. Is Iceberg supported in CML? Answer: Yes, though only with Spark 3 runtime, via CDE add-on. This is true as of CML 1.5.1 Is Ozone supported in CML? Answer: Yes, as of CML 1.5.1. Whats the latest roadmap? When is X feature coming? Answer: PM updates roadmap for Private Cloud every month or two. Please check there first. If you dont see what you need, ask in #sme_ml and tag Priyank Patel. How to deploy a Flask app on CML? Answer: Heres an AMP that uses Flask. Also read this for more general app deployment information. Can AMPs work in air gapped environment? Answer: they should work, but there are issues (DSE-14566). The workaround is to just git clone the AMPs repo location when creating a new project. Can Spark 2 or Spark 3 be used in conjunction with GPUs on CML PvC? Answer: For data science workloads (training, tuning, inference) NVIDIA RAPIDS libraries are fully supported on CML PvC. This approach uses GPUs, but it doesnt touch Spark. For data engineering using Spark with GPUs, there is no current support in CML PvC on it. Cloudera does not support GPUs other than NVIDIA. No AMD GPUs. What about High Availability (HA) in CML PvC? Answer: As an application itself, CML can be HA as long as the underlying OCP or ECS cluster has at least 3 master nodes. What this means is data scientists can expect CML to be up and available to launch sessions, train models, experiment, etc. However, as CML is often used to (a) host models; and (b) host applications, including Data Visualization (CDV); there is more nuance to this question. In the case of models, there is an option to deploy more than one replica, which ensures there is always an endpoint to call even if one replicate (temporarily) fails. For applications, and CDV, there is no easy HA solution. Customer would be responsible to have identical apps running in parallel and having a combination of load balancer and metadata sync be part of the solution. Can CML run a Spark job in CDP Base cluster (a.k.a. Spark Pushdown)? Answer: As of CML 1.5.0 Private Cloud release, it is possible to pushdown a Spark job to the base cluster. Note that you need CDE Add-on of 1.17 or higher to be able to do this, but that doesnt mean you need CDE service deployed. As of CML 1.5.1 Spark pushdown can be done with Spark 3 in the base cluster as well. How to generate a diagnostic bundle for CML? Answer: Unlike CML Public Cloud, where collection of diag bundle is located inside of the ML Workspace, under Site Administration > Support, Private Cloud has centralized bundle collection in the Control Plane UI: Can APIv2 used for administrative tasks (Site Administration)? Answer: Today APIv2 doesnt support Administrative tasks at the workspace level. For specific customer asks, please add comments to DSE-4802. How does CDSW to CML migration work? Answer: CDSW to CML migration tool