Well, the Chamber of Secrets was opened fifty years ago, wasnt it? he said. Thats what Malfoy said. Yeah said Ron slowly. And this diary is fifty years old, said Hermione, tapping it excitedly. So? Oh, Ron, wake up, snapped Hermione. We know the person who opened the Chamber last time was expelled fifty years ago. We know T. M. Riddle got an award for special services to the school fifty years ago. Well, what if Riddle got his special award for catching the Heir of Slytherin? His diary would probably tell us everything where the Chamber is, P a g e 259 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling and how to open it, and what sort of creature lives in it the person whos behind the attacks this time wouldnt want that lying around, would they? Thats a brilliant theory, Hermione, said Ron, with just one tiny little flaw. Theres nothing written in his diary. But Hermione was pulling her wand out of her bag. It might be invisible ink! she whispered. She tapped the diary three times and said, Aparecium! Nothing happened. Undaunted, Hermione shoved her hand back into her bag and pulled out what appeared to be a bright red eraser. Its a Revealer, I got it in Diagon Alley, she said. She rubbed hard on January first. Nothing happened. Im telling you, theres nothing to find in there, said Ron. Riddle just got a diary for Christmas and couldnt be bothered filling it in. Harry couldnt explain, even to himself, why he didnt just throw Riddles diary away. The fact was that even though he knew the diary was blank, he kept absentmindedly picking it up and turning the pages, as though it were a story he wanted to finish. And while Harry was sure he had never heard the name T. M. Riddle before, it still seemed to mean something to him, almost as though Riddle was a friend hed had when he was very small, and had halfforgotten. But this was absurd. Hed never had friends before Hogwarts, Dudley had made sure of that. P a g e 260 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Nevertheless, Harry was determined to find out more about Riddle, so next day at break, he headed for the trophy room to examine Riddles special award, accompanied by an interested Hermione and a thoroughly unconvinced Ron, who told them hed seen enough of the trophy room to last him a lifetime. Riddles burnished gold shield was tucked away in a corner cabinet. It didnt carry details of why it had been given to him Good thing, too, or itd be even bigger and Id still be polishing it, said Ron. However, they did find Riddles name on an old Medal for Magical Merit, and on a list of old Head Boys. He sounds like Percy, said Ron, wrinkling his nose in disgust.