The family is careful not to pass Dobby even a sock, sir, for then he would be free to leave their house forever. P a g e 197 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Dobby mopped his bulging eyes and said suddenly, Harry Potter must go home! Dobby thought his Bludger would be enough to make Your Bludger? said Harry, anger rising once more. What dyou mean, your Bludger? You made that Bludger try and kill me? Not kill you, sir, never kill you! said Dobby, shocked. Dobby wants to save Harry Potters life! Better sent home, grievously injured, than remain here, sir! Dobby only wanted Harry Potter hurt enough to be sent home! Oh, is that all? said Harry angrily. I dont suppose youre going to tell me why you wanted me sent home in pieces? Ah, if Harry Potter only knew! Dobby groaned, more tears dripping onto his ragged pillowcase. If he knew what he means to us, to the lowly, the enslaved, we dregs of the magical world! Dobby remembers how it was when HeWhoMustNotBeNamed was at the height of his powers, sir! We houseelves were treated like vermin, sir! Of course, Dobby is still treated like that, sir, he admitted, drying his face on the pillowcase. But mostly, sir, life has improved for my kind since you triumphed over HeWhoMustNotBe Named. Harry Potter survived, and the Dark Lords power was broken, and it was a new dawn, sir, and Harry Potter shone like a beacon of hope for those of us who thought the Dark days would never end, sir. And now, at Hogwarts, terrible things are to happen, are perhaps happening already, and Dobby cannot let Harry Potter stay here now that history is to repeat itself, now that the Chamber of Secrets is open once more P a g e 198 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Dobby froze, horrorstruck, then grabbed Harrys water jug from his bedside table and cracked it over his own head, toppling out of sight. A second later, he crawled back onto the bed, crosseyed, muttering, Bad Dobby, very bad Dobby So there is a Chamber of Secrets? Harry whispered. And did you say its been opened before? Tell me, Dobby! He seized the elfs bony wrist as Dobbys hand inched toward the water jug. But Im not Muggleborn how can I be in danger from the Chamber? Ah, sir, ask no more, ask no more of poor Dobby, stammered the elf, his eyes huge in the dark. Dark deeds are planned in this place, but Harry Potter must not be here when they happen go home, Harry Potter, go home. Harry Potter must not meddle in this, sir, tis too dangerous Who is it, Dobby? Harry said, keeping a firm hold on Dobbys wrist to stop him from hitting himself with the water jug again. Whos opened it? Who opened it last time? Dobby cant, sir, Dobby cant, Dobby mustnt tell!