Ron yelled, and he slammed his foot on the accelerator they shot straight into the low, woolly clouds and everything turned dull and foggy. Now what? said Harry, blinking at the solid mass of cloud pressing in on them from all sides. We need to see the train to know what direction to go in, said Ron. Dip back down again quickly They dropped back beneath the clouds and twisted around in their seats, squinting at the ground. I can see it! Harry yelled. Right ahead there! The Hogwarts Express was streaking along below them like a scarlet snake. Due north, said Ron, checking the compass on the dashboard. Okay, well just have to check on it every half hour or so hold on P a g e 79 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling And they shot up through the clouds. A minute later, they burst out into a blaze of sunlight. It was a different world. The wheels of the car skimmed the sea of fluffy cloud, the sky a bright, endless blue under the blinding white sun. All weve got to worry about now are airplanes, said Ron. They looked at each other and started to laugh for a long time, they couldnt stop. It was as though they had been plunged into a fabulous dream. This, thought Harry, was surely the only way to travel past swirls and turrets of snowy cloud, in a car full of hot, bright sunlight, with a fat pack of toffees in the glove compartment, and the prospect of seeing Freds and Georges jealous faces when they landed smoothly and spectacularly on the sweeping lawn in front of Hogwarts castle. They made regular checks on the train as they flew farther and farther north, each dip beneath the clouds showing them a different view. London was soon far behind them, replaced by neat green fields that gave way in turn to wide, purplish moors, a great city alive with cars like multicolored ants, villages with tiny toy churches. Several uneventful hours later, however, Harry had to admit that some of the fun was wearing off. The toffees had made them extremely thirsty and they had nothing to drink. He and Ron had pulled off their sweaters, but Harrys Tshirt was sticking to the back of his seat and his glasses kept sliding down to the end of his sweaty nose. He had stopped noticing the fantastic cloud shapes now and was thinking longingly of the train miles below, where you could P a g e 80 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling buy icecold pumpkin juice from a trolley pushed by a plump witch. Why hadnt they been able to get onto platform nine and threequarters? Cant be much further, can it? croaked Ron, hours later still, as the sun started to sink into their floor of cloud, staining it a deep pink. Ready for another check on the train?