Medicine for my stomach, Ron grunted, and without further ado they sprinted the length of the Slytherin common room, hurled themselves at the stone wall, and dashed up the passage, hoping against hope that P a g e 250 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Malfoy hadnt noticed anything. Harry could feel his feet slipping around in Goyles huge shoes and had to hoist up his robes as he shrank they crashed up the steps into the dark entrance hall, which was full of a muffled pounding coming from the closet where theyd locked Crabbe and Goyle. Leaving their shoes outside the closet door, they sprinted in their socks up the marble staircase toward Moaning Myrtles bathroom. Well, it wasnt a complete waste of time, Ron panted, closing the bathroom door behind them. I know we still havent found out whos doing the attacks, but Im going to write to Dad tomorrow and tell him to check under the Malfoys drawing room. Harry checked his face in the cracked mirror. He was back to normal. He put his glasses on as Ron hammered on the door of Hermiones stall. Hermione, come out, weve got loads to tell you Go away! Hermione squeaked. Harry and Ron looked at each other. Whats the matter? said Ron. You must be back to normal by now, we are But Moaning Myrtle glided suddenly through the stall door. Harry had never seen her looking so happy. Ooooooh, wait till you see, she said. Its awful They heard the lock slide back and Hermione emerged, sobbing, her robes pulled up over her head. Whats up? said Ron uncertainly. Have you still got Millicents nose or something? P a g e 251 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Hermione let her robes fall and Ron backed into the sink. Her face was covered in black fur. Her eyes had turned yellow and there were long, pointed ears poking through her hair. It was a ccat hair! she howled. MMillicent Bulstrode mmust have a cat! And the ppotion isnt supposed to be used for animal transformations! Uhoh, said Ron. Youll be teased something dreadful, said Myrtle happily. Its okay, Hermione, said Harry quickly. Well take you up to the hospital wing. Madam Pomfrey never asks too many questions. It took a long time to persuade Hermione to leave the bathroom. Moaning Myrtle sped them on their way with a hearty guffaw. Wait till everyone finds out youve got a tail! P a g e 252 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling THE VERY SECRET DIARY Hermione remained in the hospital wing for several weeks. There was a flurry of rumor about her disappearance when the rest of the school arrived back from their Christmas holidays, because of course everyone thought that she had been attacked.