She pointed to a row of deep trays as she spoke, and everyone shuffled forward for a better look. A hundred or so tufty little plants, purplish green in color, were growing there in rows. They looked quite unremarkable to Harry, who didnt have the slightest idea what Hermione meant by the cry of the Mandrake. Everyone take a pair of earmuffs, said Professor Sprout. There was a scramble as everyone tried to seize a pair that wasnt pink and fluffy. When I tell you to put them on, make sure your ears are completely covered, said Professor Sprout. When it is safe to remove them, I will give you the thumbs up. Right earmuffs on. Harry snapped the earmuffs over his ears. They shut out sound completely. Professor Sprout put the pink, fluffy pair over her own ears, rolled up the sleeves of her robes, grasped one of the tufty plants firmly, and pulled hard. Harry let out a gasp of surprise that no one could hear. Instead of roots, a small, muddy, and extremely ugly baby popped out of the earth. The leaves were growing right out of his head. He had pale green, P a g e 103 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling mottled skin, and was clearly bawling at the top of his lungs. Professor Sprout took a large plant pot from under the table and plunged the Mandrake into it, burying him in dark, damp compost until only the tufted leaves were visible. Professor Sprout dusted off her hands, gave them all the thumbsup, and removed her own earmuffs. As our Mandrakes are only seedlings, their cries wont kill yet, she said calmly as though shed just done nothing more exciting than water a begonia. However, they will knock you out for several hours, and as Im sure none of you want to miss your first day back, make sure your earmuffs are securely in place while you work. I will attract your attention when it is time to pack up. Four to a tray there is a large supply of pots here compost in the sacks over there and be careful of the Venomous Tentacula, its teething. She gave a sharp slap to a spiky, dark red plant as she spoke, making it draw in the long feelers that had been inching sneakily over her shoulder. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were joined at their tray by a curlyhaired Hufflepuff boy Harry knew by sight but had never spoken to. Justin FinchFletchley, he said brightly, shaking Harry by the hand. Know who you are, of course, the famous Harry Potter. And youre Hermione Granger always top in everything Hermione beamed as she had her hand shaken too and Ron Weasley. Wasnt that your flying car? P a g e 104 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Ron didnt smile. The Howler was obviously still on his mind. That Lockharts something, isnt he?