P a g e 221 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Ernie lowered his voice mysteriously, the Hufflepuffs bent closer, and Harry edged nearer so that he could catch Ernies words. No one knows how he survived that attack by You KnowWho. I mean to say, he was only a baby when it happened. He should have been blasted into smithereens. Only a really powerful Dark wizard could have survived a curse like that. He dropped his voice until it was barely more than a whisper, and said, Thats probably why YouKnowWho wanted to kill him in the first place. Didnt want another Dark Lord competing with him. I wonder what other powers Potters been hiding? Harry couldnt take anymore. Clearing his throat loudly, he stepped out from behind the bookshelves. If he hadnt been feeling so angry, he would have found the sight that greeted him funny Every one of the Hufflepuffs looked as though they had been Petrified by the sight of him, and the color was draining out of Ernies face. Hello, said Harry. Im looking for Justin Finch Fletchley. The Hufflepuffs worst fears had clearly been confirmed. They all looked fearfully at Ernie. What do you want with him? said Ernie in a quavering voice. I wanted to tell him what really happened with that snake at the Dueling Club, said Harry. Ernie bit his white lips and then, taking a deep breath, said, We were all there. We saw what happened. P a g e 222 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Then you noticed that after I spoke to it, the snake backed off? said Harry. All I saw, said Ernie stubbornly, though he was trembling as he spoke, was you speaking Parseltongue and chasing the snake toward Justin. I didnt chase it at him! Harry said, his voice shaking with anger. It didnt even touch him! It was a very near miss, said Ernie. And in case youre getting ideas, he added hastily, I might tell you that you can trace my family back through nine generations of witches and warlocks and my bloods as pure as anyones, so I dont care what sort of blood youve got! said Harry fiercely. Why would I want to attack Muggleborns? Ive heard you hate those Muggles you live with, said Ernie swiftly. Its not possible to live with the Dursleys and not hate them, said Harry. Id like to see you try it. He turned on his heel and stormed out of the library, earning himself a reproving glare from Madam Pince, who was polishing the gilded cover of a large spellbook. Harry blundered up the corridor, barely noticing where he was going, he was in such a fury. The result was that he walked into something very large and solid, which knocked him backward onto the floor. Oh, hello, Hagrid, Harry said, looking up.