Weasley dashed across the road to get trolleys for their trunks and they all hurried into the station. Harry had caught the Hogwarts Express the previous year. The tricky part was getting onto platform nine and threequarters, which wasnt visible to the Muggle eye. What you had to do was walk through the solid barrier dividing platforms nine and ten. It didnt hurt, but it had to be done carefully so that none of the Muggles noticed you vanishing. Percy first, said Mrs. Weasley, looking nervously at the clock overhead, which showed they had only five minutes to disappear casually through the barrier. Percy strode briskly forward and vanished. Mr. Weasley went next Fred and George followed. Ill take Ginny and you two come right after us, Mrs. Weasley told Harry and Ron, grabbing Ginnys hand and setting off. In the blink of an eye they were gone. Lets go together, weve only got a minute, Ron said to Harry. Harry made sure that Hedwigs cage was safely wedged on top of his trunk and wheeled his trolley around to face the barrier. He felt perfectly confident this wasnt nearly as uncomfortable as using Floo P a g e 75 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling powder. Both of them bent low over the handles of their trolleys and walked purposefully toward the barrier, gathering speed. A few feet away from it, they broke into a run and CRASH. Both trolleys hit the barrier and bounced backward Rons trunk fell off with a loud thump, Harry was knocked off his feet, and Hedwigs cage bounced onto the shiny floor, and she rolled away, shrieking indignantly people all around them stared and a guard nearby yelled, What in blazes dyou think youre doing? Lost control of the trolley, Harry gasped, clutching his ribs as he got up. Ron ran to pick up Hedwig, who was causing such a scene that there was a lot of muttering about cruelty to animals from the surrounding crowd. Why cant we get through? Harry hissed to Ron. I dunno Ron looked wildly around. A dozen curious people were still watching them. Were going to miss the train, Ron whispered. I dont understand why the gateways sealed itself Harry looked up at the giant clock with a sickening feeling in the pit of his stomach. Ten seconds nine seconds He wheeled his trolley forward cautiously until it was right against the barrier and pushed with all his might. The metal remained solid. P a g e 76 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Three seconds two seconds one second Its gone, said Ron, sounding stunned. The trains left. What if Mum and Dad cant get back through to us? Have you got any Muggle money? Harry gave a hollow laugh. The Dursleys havent given me pocket money for about six years. Ron pressed his ear to the cold barrier. Cant hear a thing, he said tensely. Whatre we going to do?