Hermione, I dont think That could go seriously wrong But Hermione had a steely glint in her eye not unlike the one Professor McGonagall sometimes had. The potion will be useless without Crabbes and Goyles hair, she said sternly. You do want to investigate Malfoy, dont you? Oh, all right, all right, said Harry. But what about you? Whose hair are you ripping out? Ive already got mine! said Hermione brightly, pulling a tiny bottle out of her pocket and showing them the single hair inside it. Remember Millicent Bulstrode wrestling with me at the Dueling Club? She left this on my robes when she was trying to strangle me! And shes gone home for Christmas so Ill just have to tell the Slytherins Ive decided to come back. When Hermione had bustled off to check on the Polyjuice Potion again, Ron turned to Harry with a doomladen expression. Have you ever heard of a plan where so many things could go wrong? But to Harrys and Rons utter amazement, stage one of the operation went just as smoothly as Hermione had said. They lurked in the deserted entrance hall after Christmas tea, waiting for Crabbe and Goyle who had remained alone at the Slytherin table, P a g e 238 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling shoveling down fourth helpings of trifle. Harry had perched the chocolate cakes on the end of the banisters. When they spotted Crabbe and Goyle coming out of the Great Hall, Harry and Ron hid quickly behind a suit of armor next to the front door. How thick can you get? Ron whispered ecstatically as Crabbe gleefully pointed out the cakes to Goyle and grabbed them. Grinning stupidly, they stuffed the cakes whole into their large mouths. For a moment, both of them chewed greedily, looks of triumph on their faces. Then, without the smallest change of expression, they both keeled over backward onto the floor. By far the hardest part was hiding them in the closet across the hall. Once they were safely stowed among the buckets and mops, Harry yanked out a couple of the bristles that covered Goyles forehead and Ron pulled out several of Crabbes hairs. They also stole their shoes, because their own were far too small for Crabbe and Goylesize feet. Then, still stunned at what they had just done, they sprinted up to Moaning Myrtles bathroom. They could hardly see for the thick black smoke issuing from the stall in which Hermione was stirring the cauldron. Pulling their robes up over their faces, Harry and Ron knocked softly on the door. Hermione? They heard the scrape of the lock and Hermione emerged, shinyfaced and looking anxious. Behind her they heard the gloop gloop of the bubbling, glutinous potion. Three glass tumblers stood ready on the toilet seat. Did you get them? Hermione asked breathlessly. P a g e 239 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry showed her Goyles hair. Good.