Lockhart blanched. Thats right, Gilderoy, chipped in Professor Sprout. Werent you saying just last night that youve known all along where the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets is? I well, I sputtered Lockhart. Yes, didnt you tell me you were sure you knew what was inside it? piped up Professor Flitwick. Ddid I? I dont recall I certainly remember you saying you were sorry you hadnt had a crack at the monster before Hagrid was arrested, said Snape. Didnt you say that the whole affair had been bungled, and that you should have been given a free rein from the first? P a g e 327 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Lockhart stared around at his stonyfaced colleagues. I I really never you may have misunderstood Well leave it to you, then, Gilderoy, said Professor McGonagall. Tonight will be an excellent time to do it. Well make sure everyones out of your way. Youll be able to tackle the monster all by yourself. A free rein at last. Lockhart gazed desperately around him, but nobody came to the rescue. He didnt look remotely handsome anymore. His lip was trembling, and in the absence of his usually toothy grin, he looked weakchinned and feeble. Vvery well, he said. Ill Ill be in my office, getting getting ready. And he left the room. Right, said Professor McGonagall, whose nostrils were flared, thats got him out from under our feet. The Heads of Houses should go and inform their students what has happened. Tell them the Hogwarts Express will take them home first thing tomorrow. Will the rest of you please make sure no students have been left outside their dormitories. The teachers rose and left, one by one. It was probably the worst day of Harrys entire life. He, Ron, Fred, and George sat together in a corner of the Gryffindor common room, unable to say anything to each other. Percy wasnt there. He had gone to send an owl to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, then shut himself up in his dormitory. P a g e 328 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling No afternoon ever lasted as long as that one, nor had Gryffindor Tower ever been so crowded, yet so quiet. Near sunset, Fred and George went up to bed, unable to sit there any longer. She knew something, Harry, said Ron, speaking for the first time since they had entered the wardrobe in the staffroom. Thats why she was taken. It wasnt some stupid thing about Percy at all. Shed found out something about the Chamber of Secrets. That must be why she was Ron rubbed his eyes frantically. I mean, she was a pureblood. There cant be any other reason. Harry could see the sun sinking, bloodred, below the skyline. This was the worst he had ever felt. If only there was something they could do. Anything. Harry, said Ron.