As they edged nearer, Harry almost slipped there was a large puddle of water on the floor Ron and Hermione grabbed him, and they inched toward the message, eyes fixed on a dark shadow beneath it. All three of them realized what it was at once, and leapt backward with a splash. P a g e 154 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Mrs. Norris, the caretakers cat, was hanging by her tail from the torch bracket. She was stiff as a board, her eyes wide and staring. For a few seconds, they didnt move. Then Ron said, Lets get out of here. Shouldnt we try and help Harry began awkwardly. Trust me, said Ron. We dont want to be found here. But it was too late. A rumble, as though of distant thunder, told them that the feast had just ended. From either end of the corridor where they stood came the sound of hundreds of feet climbing the stairs, and the loud, happy talk of wellfed people next moment, students were crashing into the passage from both ends. The chatter, the bustle, the noise died suddenly as the people in front spotted the hanging cat. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood alone, in the middle of the corridor, as silence fell among the mass of students pressing forward to see the grisly sight. Then someone shouted through the quiet. Enemies of the Heir, beware! Youll be next, Mudbloods! It was Draco Malfoy. He had pushed to the front of the crowd, his cold eyes alive, his usually bloodless face flushed, as he grinned at the sight of the hanging, immobile cat. P a g e 155 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling THE WRITING ON THE WALL Whats going on here? Whats going on? Attracted no doubt by Malfoys shout, Argus Filch came shouldering his way through the crowd. Then he saw Mrs. Norris and fell back, clutching his face in horror. My cat! My cat! Whats happened to Mrs. Norris? he shrieked. And his popping eyes fell on Harry. You! he screeched. You! Youve murdered my cat! Youve killed her! Ill kill you! Ill Argus! Dumbledore had arrived on the scene, followed by a number of other teachers. In seconds, he had swept past Harry, Ron, and Hermione and detached Mrs. Norris from the torch bracket. P a g e 156 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Come with me, Argus, he said to Filch. You, too, Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley, Miss Granger. Lockhart stepped forward eagerly. My office is nearest, Headmaster just upstairs please feel free Thank you, Gilderoy, said Dumbledore. The silent crowd parted to let them pass. Lockhart, looking excited and important, hurried after Dumbledore so did Professors McGonagall and Snape. As they entered Lockharts darkened office there was a flurry of movement across the walls Harry saw several of the Lockharts in the pictures dodging out of sight, their hair in rollers.