Yet life at Privet Drive had reached an alltime low. Now that the Dursleys knew they werent going to wake up as fruit bats, he had lost his only weapon. Dobby might have saved Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts, but the way things were going, hed probably starve to death anyway. The catflap rattled and Aunt Petunias hand appeared, pushing a bowl of canned soup into the room. Harry, whose insides were aching with hunger, jumped off his bed and seized it. The soup was stone cold, but he drank half of it in one gulp. Then he crossed the room to Hedwigs cage and tipped the soggy vegetables at the bottom of the bowl into her empty food tray. She ruffled her feathers and gave him a look of deep disgust. Its no good turning your beak up at it thats all weve got, said Harry grimly. He put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the catflap and lay back down on the bed, somehow even hungrier than he had been before the soup. Supposing he was still alive in another four weeks, what would happen if he didnt turn up at Hogwarts? Would someone be sent to see why he hadnt come back? Would they be able to make the Dursleys let him go? P a g e 26 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling The room was growing dark. Exhausted, stomach rumbling, mind spinning over the same unanswerable questions, Harry fell into an uneasy sleep. He dreamed that he was on show in a zoo, with a card reading UNDERAGE WIZARD attached to his cage. People goggled through the bars at him as he lay, starving and weak, on a bed of straw. He saw Dobbys face in the crowd and shouted out, asking for help, but Dobby called, Harry Potter is safe there, sir! and vanished. Then the Dursleys appeared and Dudley rattled the bars of the cage, laughing at him. Stop it, Harry muttered as the rattling pounded in his sore head. Leave me alone cut it out Im trying to sleep. He opened his eyes. Moonlight was shining through the bars on the window. And someone was goggling through the bars at him a frecklefaced, redhaired, longnosed someone. Ron Weasley was outside Harrys window. P a g e 27 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling THE BURROW Ron! breathed Harry, creeping to the window and pushing it up so they could talk through the bars. Ron, how did you What the ? Harrys mouth fell open as the full impact of what he was seeing hit him. Ron was leaning out of the back window of an old turquoise car, which was parked in midair. Grinning at Harry from the front seats were Fred and George, Rons elder twin brothers. All right, Harry? asked George. Whats been going on? said Ron. Why havent you been answering my letters?