Harry could hear Fang fighting to free himself from a third monster, whining loudly, but Harry couldnt have yelled even if he had wanted to he seemed to have left his voice back with the car in the clearing. P a g e 306 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling He never knew how long he was in the creatures clutches he only knew that the darkness suddenly lifted enough for him to see that the leafstrewn ground was now swarming with spiders. Craning his neck sideways, he realized that they had reached the ridge of a vast hollow, a hollow that had been cleared of trees, so that the stars shone brightly onto the worst scene he had ever laid eyes on. Spiders. Not tiny spiders like those surging over the leaves below. Spiders the size of carthorses, eight eyed, eightlegged, black, hairy, gigantic. The massive specimen that was carrying Harry made its way down the steep slope toward a misty, domed web in the very center of the hollow, while its fellows closed in all around it, clicking their pincers excitedly at the sight of its load. Harry fell to the ground on all fours as the spider released him. Ron and Fang thudded down next to him. Fang wasnt howling anymore, but cowering silently on the spot. Ron looked exactly like Harry felt. His mouth was stretched wide in a kind of silent scream and his eyes were popping. Harry suddenly realized that the spider that had dropped him was saying something. It had been hard to tell, because he clicked his pincers with every word he spoke. Aragog! it called. Aragog! And from the middle of the misty, domed web, a spider the size of a small elephant emerged, very slowly. There was gray in the black of his body and legs, and each of the eyes on his ugly, pincered head was milky white. He was blind. What is it? he said, clicking his pincers rapidly. P a g e 307 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Men, clicked the spider who had caught Harry. Is it Hagrid? said Aragog, moving closer, his eight milky eyes wandering vaguely. Strangers, clicked the spider who had brought Ron. Kill them, clicked Aragog fretfully. I was sleeping. Were friends of Hagrids, Harry shouted. His heart seemed to have left his chest to pound in his throat. Click, click, click went the pincers of the spiders all around the hollow. Aragog paused. Hagrid has never sent men into our hollow before, he said slowly. Hagrids in trouble, said Harry, breathing very fast. Thats why weve come. In trouble? said the aged spider, and Harry thought he heard concern beneath the clicking pincers. But why has he sent you? Harry thought of getting to his feet but decided against it he didnt think his legs would support him. So he spoke from the ground, as calmly as he could.