He was backing slowly into his domed web, but his fellow spiders continued to inch slowly toward Harry and Ron. Well just go, then, Harry called desperately to Aragog, hearing leaves rustling behind him. Go? said Aragog slowly. I think not. But but My sons and daughters do not harm Hagrid, on my command. But I cannot deny them fresh meat, when it wanders so willingly into our midst. Goodbye, friend of Hagrid. P a g e 310 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Harry spun around. Feet away, towering above him, was a solid wall of spiders, clicking, their many eyes gleaming in their ugly black heads. Even as he reached for his wand, Harry knew it was no good, there were too many of them, but as he tried to stand, ready to die fighting, a loud, long note sounded, and a blaze of light flamed through the hollow. Mr. Weasleys car was thundering down the slope, headlights glaring, its horn screeching, knocking spiders aside several were thrown onto their backs, their endless legs waving in the air. The car screeched to a halt in front of Harry and Ron and the doors flew open. Get Fang! Harry yelled, diving into the front seat Ron seized the boarhound around the middle and threw him, yelping, into the back of the car the doors slammed shut Ron didnt touch the accelerator but the car didnt need him the engine roared and they were off, hitting more spiders. They sped up the slope, out of the hollow, and they were soon crashing through the forest, branches whipping the windows as the car wound its way cleverly through the widest gaps, following a path it obviously knew. Harry looked sideways at Ron. His mouth was still open in the silent scream, but his eyes werent popping anymore. Are you okay? Ron stared straight ahead, unable to speak. They smashed their way through the undergrowth, Fang howling loudly in the back seat, and Harry saw P a g e 311 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling the side mirror snap off as they squeezed past a large oak. After ten noisy, rocky minutes, the trees thinned, and Harry could again see patches of sky. The car stopped so suddenly that they were nearly thrown into the windshield. They had reached the edge of the forest. Fang flung himself at the window in his anxiety to get out, and when Harry opened the door, he shot off through the trees to Hagrids house, tail between his legs. Harry got out too, and after a minute or so, Ron seemed to regain the feeling in his limbs and followed, still stiffnecked and staring. Harry gave the car a grateful pat as it reversed back into the forest and disappeared from view. Harry went back into Hagrids cabin to get the Invisibility Cloak. Fang was trembling under a blanket in his basket.