My books wouldnt have sold half as well if people didnt think Id done all those things. No one wants to read about some ugly old Armenian warlock, even if he did save a village from werewolves. Hed look dreadful on the front cover. No dress sense at all. And the witch who banished the Bandon Banshee had a hairy chin. I mean, come on So youve just been taking credit for what a load of other people have done? said Harry incredulously. Harry, Harry, said Lockhart, shaking his head impatiently, its not nearly as simple as that. There was work involved. I had to track these people down. Ask them exactly how they managed to do what they did. Then I had to put a Memory Charm on them so they wouldnt remember doing it. If theres one thing I P a g e 331 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling pride myself on, its my Memory Charms. No, its been a lot of work, Harry. Its not all book signings and publicity photos, you know. You want fame, you have to be prepared for a long hard slog. He banged the lids of his trunks shut and locked them. Lets see, he said. I think thats everything. Yes. Only one thing left. He pulled out his wand and turned to them. Awfully sorry, boys, but Ill have to put a Memory Charm on you now. Cant have you blabbing my secrets all over the place. Id never sell another book Harry reached his wand just in time. Lockhart had barely raised his, when Harry bellowed, Expelliarmus! Lockhart was blasted backward, falling over his trunk his wand flew high into the air Ron caught it, and flung it out of the open window. Shouldnt have let Professor Snape teach us that one, said Harry furiously, kicking Lockharts trunk aside. Lockhart was looking up at him, feeble once more. Harry was still pointing his wand at him. What dyou want me to do? said Lockhart weakly. I dont know where the Chamber of Secrets is. Theres nothing I can do. Youre in luck, said Harry, forcing Lockhart to his feet at wandpoint. We think we know where it is. And whats inside it. Lets go. P a g e 332 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling They marched Lockhart out of his office and down the nearest stairs, along the dark corridor where the messages shone on the wall, to the door of Moaning Myrtles bathroom. They sent Lockhart in first. Harry was pleased to see that he was shaking. Moaning Myrtle was sitting on the tank of the end toilet. Oh, its you, she said when she saw Harry. What do you want this time? To ask you how you died, said Harry. Myrtles whole aspect changed at once. She looked as though she had never been asked such a flattering question. Ooooh, it was dreadful, she said with relish.