Ron opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out. Instead he gave an almighty belch and several slugs dribbled out of his mouth onto his lap. The Slytherin team were paralyzed with laughter. Flint was doubled up, hanging onto his new P a g e 125 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling broomstick for support. Malfoy was on all fours, banging the ground with his fist. The Gryffindors were gathered around Ron, who kept belching large, glistening slugs. Nobody seemed to want to touch him. Wed better get him to Hagrids, its nearest, said Harry to Hermione, who nodded bravely, and the pair of them pulled Ron up by the arms. What happened, Harry? What happened? Is he ill? But you can cure him, cant you? Colin had run down from his seat and was now dancing alongside them as they left the field. Ron gave a huge heave and more slugs dribbled down his front. Oooh, said Colin, fascinated and raising his camera. Can you hold him still, Harry? Get out of the way, Colin! said Harry angrily. He and Hermione supported Ron out of the stadium and across the grounds toward the edge of the forest. Nearly there, Ron, said Hermione as the gamekeepers cabin came into view. Youll be all right in a minute almost there They were within twenty feet of Hagrids house when the front door opened, but it wasnt Hagrid who emerged. Gilderoy Lockhart, wearing robes of palest mauve today, came striding out. Quick, behind here, Harry hissed, dragging Ron behind a nearby bush. Hermione followed, somewhat reluctantly. Its a simple matter if you know what youre doing! Lockhart was saying loudly to Hagrid. If you need help, you know where I am! Ill let you have a copy of P a g e 126 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling my book. Im surprised you havent already got one Ill sign one tonight and send it over. Well, goodbye! And he strode away toward the castle. Harry waited until Lockhart was out of sight, then pulled Ron out of the bush and up to Hagrids front door. They knocked urgently. Hagrid appeared at once, looking very grumpy, but his expression brightened when he saw who it was. Bin wonderin when youd come ter see me come in, come in thought you mighta bin Professor Lockhart back again Harry and Hermione supported Ron over the threshold into the oneroomed cabin, which had an enormous bed in one corner, a fire crackling merrily in the other. Hagrid didnt seem perturbed by Rons slug problem, which Harry hastily explained as he lowered Ron into a chair. Better out than in, he said cheerfully, plunking a large copper basin in front of him. Get em all up, Ron. I dont think theres anything to do except wait for it to stop, said Hermione anxiously, watching Ron bend over the basin.