You just had to wander around with your nose in it, trying to do everything onehanded. And All right, Ive got the point, said Harry. The little book lay on the floor, nondescript and soggy. Well, we wont find out unless we look at it, he said, and he ducked around Ron and picked it up off the floor. Harry saw at once that it was a diary, and the faded year on the cover told him it was fifty years old. He opened it eagerly. On the first page he could just make out the name T. M. Riddle in smudged ink. Hang on, said Ron, who had approached cautiously and was looking over Harrys shoulder. I know that name. T. M. Riddle got an award for special services to the school fifty years ago. P a g e 257 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling How on earth dyou know that? said Harry in amazement. Because Filch made me polish his shield about fifty times in detention, said Ron resentfully. That was the one I burped slugs all over. If youd wiped slime off a name for an hour, youd remember it, too. Harry peeled the wet pages apart. They were completely blank. There wasnt the faintest trace of writing on any of them, not even Auntie Mabels birthday, or dentist, halfpast three. He never wrote in it, said Harry, disappointed. I wonder why someone wanted to flush it away? said Ron curiously. Harry turned to the back cover of the book and saw the printed name of a variety store on Vauxhall Road, London. He mustve been Muggleborn, said Harry thoughtfully. To have bought a diary from Vauxhall Road. Well, its not much use to you, said Ron. He dropped his voice. Fifty points if you can get it through Myrtles nose. Harry, however, pocketed it. Hermione left the hospital wing, dewhiskered, tail less, and furfree, at the beginning of February. On her first evening back in Gryffindor Tower, Harry showed her T. M. Riddles diary and told her the story of how they had found it. P a g e 258 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Oooh, it might have hidden powers, said Hermione enthusiastically, taking the diary and looking at it closely. If it has, its hiding them very well, said Ron. Maybe its shy. I dont know why you dont chuck it, Harry. I wish I knew why someone did try to chuck it, said Harry. I wouldnt mind knowing how Riddle got an award for special services to Hogwarts either. Couldve been anything, said Ron. Maybe he got thirty O.W.L.s or saved a teacher from the giant squid. Maybe he murdered Myrtle that wouldve done everyone a favor. But Harry could tell from the arrested look on Hermiones face that she was thinking what he was thinking. What? said Ron, looking from one to the other.