The Sorting Hat told me Id Id have done well in Slytherin. Everyone thought I was Slytherins heir for a while because I can speak Parseltongue. You can speak Parseltongue, Harry, said Dumbledore calmly, because Lord Voldemort who is the last remaining descendant of Salazar Slytherin can speak Parseltongue. Unless Im much mistaken, he transferred some of his own powers to you the night he gave you that scar. Not something he intended to do, Im sure. Voldemort put a bit of himself in me? Harry said, thunderstruck. It certainly seems so. P a g e 370 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling So I should be in Slytherin, Harry said, looking desperately into Dumbledores face. The Sorting Hat could see Slytherins power in me, and it Put you in Gryffindor, said Dumbledore calmly. Listen to me, Harry. You happen to have many qualities Salazar Slytherin prized in his handpicked students. His own very rare gift, Parseltongue resourcefulness determination a certain disregard for rules, he added, his mustache quivering again. Yet the Sorting Hat placed you in Gryffindor. You know why that was. Think. It only put me in Gryffindor, said Harry in a defeated voice, because I asked not to go in Slytherin. Exactly, said Dumbledore, beaming once more. Which makes you very different from Tom Riddle. It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. Harry sat motionless in his chair, stunned. If you want proof, Harry, that you belong in Gryffindor, I suggest you look more closely at this. Dumbledore reached across to Professor McGonagalls desk, picked up the bloodstained silver sword, and handed it to Harry. Dully, Harry turned it over, the rubies blazing in the firelight. And then he saw the name engraved just below the hilt. Godric Gryffindor. Only a true Gryffindor could have pulled that out of the hat, Harry, said Dumbledore simply. For a minute, neither of them spoke. Then Dumbledore pulled open one of the drawers in P a g e 371 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets J.K. Rowling Professor McGonagalls desk and took out a quill and a bottle of ink. What you need, Harry, is some food and sleep. I suggest you go down to the feast, while I write to Azkaban we need our gamekeeper back. And I must draft an advertisement for the Daily Prophet, too, he added thoughtfully. Well be needing a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Dear me, we do seem to run through them, dont we? Harry got up and crossed to the door. He had just reached for the handle, however, when the door burst open so violently that it bounced back off the wall. Lucius Malfoy stood there, fury in his face. And cowering behind his legs, heavily wrapped in bandages, was Dobby. Good evening, Lucius, said Dumbledore pleasantly. Mr. Malfoy almost knocked Harry over as he swept into the room.