Absent any material acquisitions, apart from the recent acquisition of Hostess Brands, or other significant investments, we believe that cash on hand, combined with cash provided by operations, borrowings available under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, and access to capital markets, will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for the next 12 months, including the payment of quarterly dividends, principal and interest payments on debt outstanding, and capital expenditures, including an estimated 60.0 of additional capital expenditures related to the acquisition of Hostess Brands for the second half of 2024. However, as a result of the current macroeconomic environment and the recent acquisition, we may experience an increase in the cost or the difficulty to obtain debt or equity financing, or to refinance our debt in the future. We continue to evaluate these risks, which could affect our financial condition or our ability to fund operations or future investment opportunities. As of October 31, 2023, total cash and cash equivalents of 35.8 was held by our foreign subsidiaries, primarily in Canada. We have not repatriated foreign cash to the U.S. during the first six months of 2024. 32 Table of Contents Material Cash Requirements We do not have material offbalance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known as variable interest entities. Transactions with related parties are in the ordinary course of business and are not material to our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. During the second quarter of 2024, we completed an offering of 3.5 billion in Senior Notes due November 15, 2028, November 15, 2033, November 15, 2043, and November 15, 2053. In addition, on November 7, 2023, we entered into a Term Loan with a group of banks for an unsecured 800.0 term facility. The Senior Notes and Term Loan were used to partially finance the acquisition of Hostess Brands. For additional information, see Note 8 Debt and Financing Arrangements. As of October 31, 2023, there were no other material changes to our material cash requirements as previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended April 30, 2023. NONGAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES We use nonGAAP financial measures including net sales excluding divestitures and foreign currency exchange, adjusted gross profit, adjusted operating income, adjusted income, adjusted earnings per share, and free cash flow, as key measures for purposes of evaluating performance internally. We believe that investors understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing these performance measures. Furthermore, these nonGAAP financial measures are used by management in preparation of the annual budget and for the monthly analyses of our operating results. The Board also utilizes certain nonGAAP financial measures as components for measuring performance for incentive compensation purposes.