R, how to connect to DataLake and CDW resources from CML? Answer: See Cloudera Community Article titled Connection CML to Data Lake and CDW with R article that gives the detailed step-by-step. If you need to write to a Hive external table, check out this community article. Finally, there is a github repo with some examples as well Another article on reading/writing to external tables with R without Hive Warehouse Connector. Using R, how to deploy a model in CML? Answer: See Cloudera Community article titled Deploying R Models in CML. What are some demos we can do with R as the main language? Answer: We have an older repo that should work with CML: https://github.com/fastforwardlabs/cml_sentiment_analysis. Also can show customers that RStudio editor will work with CML (as a 3rd party editor) via this Rstudio ML community runtime Why do I see other users projects when I select My Projects? Answer: Simple answer is all Public projects are viewable by everyone so those get put under My Projects (regardless of which user created it). If you want to see just the projects you created, use the Creator filter. Also note that MLAdmin role users are able to see all projects, regardless of whether you are a Collaborator or not. How do Custom Data Connections work? Answer: Custom Data Connection open up standard way for CML users to connect to data sources outside of CDP (e.g. Snowflake, external DBs, etc.). This was possible in the past too, but relied on each user implementing their own access pattern. With Custom Data Connections, things can be standardized across the workspace. First, as ML Workspace admin, youll need to create a new project and inside that project create a directory (call it anything you want). Second, within that directory youll implement a class that inherits from CustomConnection from cml.data_v1. Note there are parameters that are passed to the constructor to build the connection (e.g. host, port, credentials). There is a working example of the code in this internal github. Now, you have the basic setup to add a custom connection, but you still need to add it to the ML Workspace to be usable. Go to Site Admin -> Data Connections and click Add New. Fill in the pop-up form, including adding any variables your class expects (e.g. host, port). Once you add the connection at the workspace level, it will be available in every new project, and can be used in existing projects if the project syncs Data Connections from the workspace. Custom Data Connections get loaded into the session at runtime. If you have a customer who uses custom runtime images (own docker images), they do not need to install anything additional in the image. Note: if you change any of the code in your Custom Data Connection, you need to delete the connection in the UI and create it again for your changes to be reflected. How many requests per second can a deployed model handle? Answer: The REST API is